Feat(content): Silver Talon missions (#12586)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

				payment 100000
			`	"Well, that's okay. We'll always appreciate the help you've given us in fulfilling our father's will. Oh, and here's your payment, and a little extra for putting up with us all this time," Liam says, handing you a few credit chips for <payment>. "We wish you well through the stars!" Again, the siblings both thank you profusely for the trip, and you watch them leave Prime's spaceport with excitement.`
				decline

mission "Silver Talon 1"
	name "Bounty hunters to <planet>"
	description "Take these <bunks> to <destination> in exchange for <payment>, then wait until they return to take them off-planet again."
	clearance
	infiltrating
	passengers 5
	source
		attributes "near earth"
	destination "Greenrock"
	to offer
		random < 5
		"reputation: Pirate" < -500
		"combat rating" >= 80
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Walking through the spaceport, you are flagged down by a very short woman sitting on a box labeled "Explosive! Corrosive! Flammable! Extremely Toxic! Handle With Car!" and holding the largest bazooka you've ever seen and wearing a pin displaying a small silver eagle talon.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Walking through the spaceport, you are flagged down by a very short woman sitting on a box labeled "Explosive! Corrosive! Flammable! Extremely Toxic! Handle With Care!", holding the largest bazooka you've ever seen and wearing a pin displaying a small silver eagle talon.`
```
Assuming 'car' is a typo and not a joke, that is.

Author: It is a joke :) he's the driver

			
			label job
			`	"Here's the thing, captain. I figure you're a reasonable person, know your business, all that. So I'm not going to sugar-coat. We're the Silver Talon, a group of bounty hunters headed out to the Rim right now for, uh, work. Our previous ride bailed on us, so we're stranded here at the moment. What do you say?"`

			choice
				`	"Sorry, but I don't help killers."`
				`	"How many people would this be?"`
					goto number
				`	"Where exactly on the Rim are you trying to get to?"`
					goto greenrock
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
					goto legal

			label killers
			`	"All right. See you around, then," the woman says, turning and picking up her bazooka. As you walk away, you just barely hear her mutter under her breath, "Hypocrite."`
				decline
			
			label number
			`	"Five of us, all told. Klaus you've met, Dagger and Pict are in town getting drunk, and Louis is out looking for decent motels."`
			choice
				`	"Where exactly on the Rim are you trying to get to?"`
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
					goto legal

			label greenrock

> 			`	"Well, that's the thing, isn't it? We need to get to <destination>, then we'll do our work, and then we'll need a ride out of there afterwards, which might be pretty hot. Truth is, I figured an experienced-looking captain like you with a pockmarked but well-maintained ship was just the ticket? Was I right?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, that's the thing, isn't it? We need to get to <destination>, then we'll do our work, and then we'll need a ride out of there afterwards, which might be pretty hot. Truth is, I figured an experienced-looking captain like you with a pockmarked but well-maintained ship was just the ticket. Was I right?"`
```

			choice
				`	"I'm in! Sounds like an adventure."`
					goto in
				`	"What's the payment situation?"`
					goto payment
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
			
			label legal
			`	The woman laughs. "Like laws apply on pirate worlds, anyways... If you're wondering, we're not going to knock off anyone civilized, no. Just another bloodsucking leech, killing off his fleet one by one in order to earn some credits, that's all. Way we figure it, it's him or us. That's the way the Republic feels, too."`
			choice
				`	"Okay, then, I'm in."`
					goto in
				`	"Sounds like a worthy cause, but how much are you going to pay me?"`
				`	"Sorry, but I wouldn't feel right helping you kill anyone, even if they are a pirate warlord."`
					goto killers
			
			label payment

> 			`	"Always the businessperson, I see. Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>. If our job is successful, you will receive a 15% share in the bounty, or approximately 400 thousand credits. If the job fails, naturally, you won't receive that amount but you will earn <payment> for getting us off planet as quickly as possible. Sounds good?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Always the businessperson, I see. Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>. If our job is successful, you will receive a 15% share in the bounty, or approximately 400 thousand credits. If the job fails, naturally you won't receive that amount but you will earn <payment> for getting us off planet as quickly as possible. Sounds good?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Sure! I'm in."`
					goto in
				`	"If you want me to fly you, I'm getting a 25% share in the profits."`
				`	"Sorry, that's not enough for me to risk my life over."`
					goto "bad payment"
			
			`	"Sorry, captain, but the 15% is non-negotiable, and it's as much as anyone else gets, too, after we take into account the 25% overhead for equipment, failure payments, death benefits, and so forth. You either take it or leave it."`
			choice
				`	"If that's the case, I guess 15% is enough."`
					goto in
				`	"Well, I'm leaving it."`
			
			label "bad payment"
			`	"Well, that's a shame," the woman replies. "I guess I'll get back to looking around, then. Goodbye."`
				decline
			
			label in

> 			`	"Glad to hear it!" the woman says. "Klaus and I'll get all our gear packed away. I'm sure we can find someone to stash it that doesn't eat up your cargo hold. Oh, and by the way, I'm Cerridwyn Morgan."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Glad to hear it!" the woman says. "Klaus and I'll get all our gear packed away. I'm sure we can find somewhere to stash it that doesn't eat up your cargo hold. Oh, and by the way, I'm Cerridwyn Morgan."`
```

> 			`	After about an hour, all the bounty hunters' equipment is securely stowed on board the <ship>, and all the aforementioned assassins are present and accounted for. Cerridwyn introduces you to each in turn: the wiry and foul-mouthed driver Klaus, the ex-marine Dagger, the sniper Pict, and the dapper young Louis. Cerridwyn's job, it seems, is to use the bazooka she's spent the last hour lugging around, a weapon for whose use she is apparently infamous."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	After about an hour, all the bounty hunters' equipment is securely stowed on board the <ship>, and all the aforementioned assassins are present and accounted for. Cerridwyn introduces you to each in turn: the wiry and foul-mouthed driver, Klaus; the ex-marine, Dagger; the sniper, Pict; and the dapper young Louis. Cerridwyn's job, it seems, is to use the bazooka she's spent the last hour lugging around, a weapon she is apparently infamous for using."`
```
I feel like this list reads better but I know that semi-colons are falling out of fashion (wow, I sound old) so the consensus may be just to leave it.

As for the bazooka, maybe 'a weapon which has made her infamous' would be better, but it seems too passive to me, which is why I suggested the other change.

Author: Hmm... my inner grammarian doesn't love using semicolons that way since I believe it's technically incorrect usage... I think I'll leave it the way it is for now unless others also complain.

The other change is definitely a good one, though.

```suggestion
			`	After about an hour, all the bounty hunters' equipment is securely stowed on board the <ship>, and all the aforementioned assassins are present and accounted for. Cerridwyn introduces you to each in turn: the wiry and foul-mouthed driver Klaus, the ex-marine Dagger, the sniper Pict, and the dapper young Louis. Cerridwyn's job, it seems, is to use the bazooka she's spent the last hour lugging around, a weapon she is apparently infamous for using."`
```

			`	Introductions complete, the bounty hunters all fall into their bunks in preparation for the journey to <planet>.`
				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog "You arrive on <planet>, setting down some distance from the main spaceport. Unfortunately, not all the bounty hunters are on your flagship, so you're going to have to take off again to see what's taking them so long to get here."

	on complete
		log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" `Cerridwyn Morgan is the bazooka-toting leader of the Silver Talon, an eclectic group of bounty hunters.`
		conversation
			`The team of bounty hunters pass the flight to <planet> in relative silence - and with a very strong odor of garlic. As you enter the <system> system, Cerridwyn directs you to land in a secluded minor spaceport well away from the planet's major cities.`
			`	No sooner do you put down than Dagger cranks the <ship>'s hatch open and jumps out into the scorching heat. Klaus and Pict are close behind, followed by a pile of gear.`

> 			`	Cerridwyn hands you a pile of credit chips. "As agreed, here's <payment>," she says. "If all goes well, we'll be back within two hours. If you don't hear back within four, get the heck out of here.`

Reviewer: This contradict line 11843 which says, 'Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>.'

But maybe Cerridwyn was just bullshitting back then? If so, calling it out could be fun.

Author: I guess that's a possibility (the other possibility just being that I forgot I wrote that first bit).

			choice
				`	"Sounds good."`
					goto good
				`	"You don't want me to wait?"`
			`	"No, I don't. You've done right by us, and we owe you for it. If we're not back in four hours, we're probably all be dead and there'll be a price on your head too."`
			`	Cerridwyn exhales, a long, slow breath.`
			label good
			`	"Anyways, good luck, Captain <last>. Stick with your ship, make sure she's ready to lift on a moment's notice, and we'll see you in a few hours."`

> 			`	With that, Cerridwyn tosses her bazooka through the hatch and jumps down beside it. Louis gives you a jaunty salute and follows more cautiously. As the landing pad cools and the bounty hunters scramble toward a dilapidated jeep, you are left to mull over Cerridwyn's forboding words.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	With that, Cerridwyn tosses her bazooka through the hatch and jumps down beside it. Louis gives you a jaunty salute and follows more cautiously. As the landing pad cools and the bounty hunters scramble toward a dilapidated ATV, you are left to mull over Cerridwyn's foreboding words.`
```
Are Jeep still going in a thousand years? :-)

I know the word has become a generic term for 4-wheel drive vehicles but it just stood out to me as being anachronistic.

		payment 20000

mission "Silver Talon 2"
	name "Escape to <planet>"
	description "With the bounty hunters in tow, flee to <destination> to escape a fleet of enraged and vengeful pirates."
	landing
	passengers 4
	source "Greenrock"
	destination "Dancer"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 1: done"

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`	Time passes slowly. First one hour flicks by, then a second, then a third. Just as you're beginning to give up hope, you hear a large explosion in the distance. A minute later, a speck appears on the horizon, a speck which soon resolves itself into the outline of a very old truck doing far more than what the speed limit would be on any civilized planet.`

Reviewer: I think the second sentence needs reworked, the word 'flicks' and the short phrases separated by commas do the opposite of what you want, making it seem like time is flying by.

Maybe something like, `'An hour drags by as you busy yourself checking off some of the endless non-essential jobs which you had never seemed to be able to get around to. By end of the second hour you are elbow-deep in a closet full of old malfunctioning datapads, most of which you don't remember ever owning. The dust is getting up your nose, but you are determined to clear the closet out. You panic momentarily as you can't remember where you put your current datapad - what if Cerridwyn has called! You find it on a console nearby and are both relieved and worried to see there are no messages. The closet forgotten, you gaze out of your cockpit hoping to see some sign of the ATV returning, but the surroundings are as barren as ever. Just as you are beginning to give up hope...'`

I know, I got a bit carried away, didn't I? This is maybe too much but I think the sentence needs lengthened somewhat.

			`	Behind the huge billowing cloud of dust raised by the truck, two hovercraft appear. A figure in the back of the truck stands and fires a very large bazooka, and the leading hovercraft vanishes in a fireball. The other swerves into a ditch.`

> 			`	Soon, the jeep is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-metre stripe of rubber. Before the truck's settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`

Reviewer: I would change 'jeep' here to 'ATV' or 'truck' again.

> 			`	Soon, the jeep is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-metre stripe of rubber. Before the truck's settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Soon, the jeep is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-metre stripe of rubber. Before the truck has settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`
```

> 			`	Soon, the jeep is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-metre stripe of rubber. Before the truck's settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	Soon, the ATV is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-metre stripe of rubber. Before the truck has settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`
```

			`	Cerridwyn is the first through the hatch in your ship, preceded only by her rocket launcher. Klaus and Pict haul the wounded Dagger through with the rest of their equipment, and slam the hatch shut.`
			`	"Okay, Captain," Cerridwyn says, "It's time to blow this popsicle stand."`
			choice
				`	(Lift off.)`
					goto lift
				`	"Yes, ma'am."`
				`	"What about Louis?"`
					goto louis
				`	"Did you succeed?"`
					goto failure

> 			`	Cerridwyn frowns and glares at you but says nothing.`

Reviewer: This is in response to `"Yes, ma'am."`, right? Is she annoyed that you didn't ask about Louis?

Author: Honestly, I can't remember why she's supposed to be annoyed—possibly it was supposed to be Barmy Edward-type-thing?

I'll change it, though, since it doesn't really fit.

			`	"Well, shoot," Cerridwyn mutters. "We should have known that he wouldn't take kindly to us escaping. Better get out of here fast. We've got friends on <destination>, so that's probably the best target."`
				accept
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"waiting"
			"target"
			confusion 5
		ship "Bastion (Laser)" "Swift Scimitar"
		fleet "Large Southern Pirates" 1
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 2
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"waiting"
			"target"
			confusion 10
		ship "Bastion (Heavy)" "Red Tide"
		fleet "Large Southern Pirates" 1
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 1
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"waiting"
			"staying"
			"target"
			confusion 10
		system "Lesath"
		ship "Osprey (Missile)" "Lurker's Shank"
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 3

	on visit
		dialog `You arrive on <planet>, but somewhere along the way you lost some of the bounty hunters. Better depart and wait for your escorts to enter the system.`

	on complete
		conversation

> 			`The <ship>'s hull pockmarked with blaster scars, you land in the spaceport on <planet> just ahead of the pirates. One or two enteprising pilots try to follow you in, but are driven off by a number of missile launchers placed in defensive positions around the spaceport.`

Reviewer: What if you destroy all of the pirates or lose them?

Author: For that matter, it doesn't really make sense that the pirates would be driven off so easily there but then show up in the spaceport bar anyways. I'll change it.

			`	Cerridwyn exhales slowly, and turns to you. "Thanks for your help, <first>. I wish it didn't have to end this way, but you stood by us and we'll be forever grateful."`

> 			`	Suddenly, she hands you <payment>. "I'm sorry we can't pay you better. The rest is going to Louis' folks, but we owe you this much. If you hadn't gotten us out of there..."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Abruptly, she hands you <payment>. "I'm sorry we can't pay you better. The rest is going to Louis' folks, but we owe you this much. If you hadn't gotten us out of there..."`
```

			label thanks
			`	The payment made, Cerridwyn suddenly seems to collapse in front of your eyes. Picking up her bazooka, she slings it silently over her shoulder and wanders off aimlessly into the spaceport. Klaus and Pict follow close behind, carrying the rest of the bounty hunters' gear.`
			`	Dagger, a crutch under his arm, stumbles after his companions but stops when he sees you watching. "Y'know, cap'n," he mutters, obviously very drunk and speaking slowly, "This ain't over. We'll see Vlad Blaire ded yet for 'is crimes. And I tell yuh, we cud shure use yur 'elp. Whaddayuh say yuh join us a'the spacepurt bahr in an hour?"`
			`	With that, the wounded veteran turns and thumps off your ship, joining the other bounty hunters.`
		payment 35000

mission "Silver Talon 3"
	name "Escape to <planet>"
	description "With the bounty hunters in tow, flee to <destination> to escape a fleet of enraged and vengeful pirates."
	passengers 4
	blocked "You'll need four bunks free to carry the surviving members of the Silver Talon. Return here when you have the required space free."
	source "Dancer"
	destination "New Iceland"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 2: done"

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You arrive in the bar to find Klaus, Pict, and Dagger seated around a table. Or, In Dagger's case, passed out on the table, surrounded by more bottles of cheap beer than the bar has sold to any other customer all evening.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You arrive in the bar to find Klaus, Pict, and Dagger seated around a table. Or, In Dagger's case, passed out on the table surrounded by more bottles of cheap beer than the bar has sold to any other customer all evening.`
```

				goto commotion

			label cerridwyn
			`	You slide onto a stool next to Cerridywn, but it seems like she doesn't realize you're there. For a minute, you sit awkwardly beside her as she stares off into the distance at a darkness only she can see.`
			choice
				`	"Are you okay?"`
				`	(Wait.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Order a drink.)`
					goto drink
			
			`	Cerridwyn just stares at you, gets up, and leaves the bar. Looking back to the table previously occupied by the other three bounty hunters you find only Dagger, drooling and unconscious.`
			`	You wait around a bit, but neither Klaus nor Pict returns. Eventually, you find yourself heading back to your ship.`

> 				decline

Reviewer: So if you sit with Cerridwyn and ask if she is okay, the mission ends here?

Author: Yes. Maybe there's a better way to do it, but I felt like going up to someone who's blaming themselves for their friend's recent death and asking "are you okay?" was a stupid enough thing to do that locking you out of the mission chain if you did it kind of made sense.

Reviewer: I don't know, to me 'are you okay' isn't that you genuinely aren't sure whether they're okay or not, it's more of a way of telling them you're there, you care about them, and you're willing to listen if they want to talk. Of course Cerridwyn doesn't come across at all as the emotive type so I totally buy her just walking away.

Author: Yeah, I guess you have a point... I think I'll still leave it as-is though, at least for now?

			
			label drink
			`	The bar is mostly empty, and it doesn't take long for you to get your drink. While you're sipping it, Cerridwyn finally speaks.`
				goto speaks
			label wait
			`	You wait at the bar for one minute, then two, until the bartender starts giving you irritated glances. Finally, Cerridwyn speaks.`
			label speaks
			`	"I killed him, you know," she says, still staring off into the distance. "I was the one who signed off on the job. The one who let him come along with us. If I hadn't..."`
			choice
				`	"What happened to Louis isn't your fault."`
				`	"You're sure you don't want something stronger than mineral water?"`
					goto mineral
				`	"So, what are you going to do about it?"`
					goto response

> 			`	"Of course it is. Don't you understand that? All I had to tell him was no, no we're not crazy, no we're not going to run off on a crusade against crime. That's all I had to say, and we would have still been on Silver, me and him and the bazooka. That's all I had to do, and instead I had to listen."`

Reviewer: `...instead I had to listen`? To whom? Does this get answered later?

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"Of course it is. Don't you understand that? All I had to tell him was no, no we're not crazy, no we're not going to run off on a crusade against crime. That's all I had to say, and we would have still been on Silver, me and him and the bazooka. That's all I had to do, and instead I had to take his inane schemes seriously."`
```

				goto commotion

			label response
			`	"What, are you saying I'm going to just sit here and grieve? No, one way or another I'm going to kill that bloody vampire. Him and all his bodyguards."`
			

			label commotion
			`	Suddenly, the door to the spaceport bar slams open, and six burly thugs shove their way into the crowd, eyes flitting around like hummingbirds. One of them points in your direction, and suddenly all six have weapons drawn and the building erupts in screams.`
			`	Before you know what's going on, all four surviving bounty hunters are standing beside you. Klaus holds a chemical-propellant pistol in shaking hands, while Pict has drawn a wicked-looking knife and a surprisingly sober Dagger wields what was until very recently a perfectly serviceable chair leg. Only Cerridwyn is unarmed, lacking her customary rocket launcher.`
			choice
				`	(Draw my gun.)`
					goto firefight
				`	(Look for a way out.)`
			
			`	It is not hard to find an alternate exit from the bar. The only issue is, every other patron has come to the same conclusion as you have and are now pushing their way toward a very ordinary-sized door.`

> 			`	As scorch marks jump into existence around you and Klaus' weapon cracks off shot after shot, your eyes settle on the kitchen door. A door which leads to a room that, according to the galactic fire codes, should have another exit.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As scorch marks erupt into existence around you and Klaus' weapon cracks off shot after shot, your eyes settle on the kitchen door. A door which leads to a room that, according to the galactic fire codes, should have another exit.`
```

Author: Hmm... if scorch marks don't jump, they probably also don't erupt. How about this?

```suggestion
			`	As lasers scorch the walls around you and Klaus' weapon cracks off shot after shot, your eyes settle on the kitchen door. A door which leads to a room that, according to the galactic fire codes, should have another exit.`
```

Reviewer: I like it.

			`	Bellowing at the bounty hunters to follow, you duck into the kitchen, coming face-to-face with a large, open window and face-to-back with three fleeing cooks. You follow suit, leaping into an alleyway just ahead of Klaus and Dagger. Behind you, Pict hurls her knife through the door and slams it shut before dragging Cerridywn out of the building.`
			`	A look passes between the five of you, and you're suddenly running full speed for the <ship>. It's not until you reach orbit that your heart rate returns to normal.`
				launch
			
			label firefight
			`	Drawing your gun, you soon find that the thugs are much less impressive fighters than their bulging muscles suggest. You take three shots, and two of your assailants collapse to the floor. A round from Klaus' pistol clips the shoulder of a third, knocking him off balance as he drops his weapon.`
			`	Suddenly, Dagger lunges forward, taking out the fourth man with a quick flurry of blows. The remaining two attackers turn tail and run off into the night.`
			`	The five of you regroup outside the bar to the sound of distant sirens.`
			choice
				`	"What do we do now?"`
					goto flee
				`	"Who were those people?"`

> 			`	"Vlaid Blaire's employees," Pict replies cooly. "And now we've got to get out of here. The police will be here in twenty minutes or so, and I for one don't want to be caught standing beside a pile of bodies with a bloody knife."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Vlad Blaire's employees," Pict replies cooly. "And now we've got to get out of here. The police will be here in twenty minutes or so, and I for one don't want to be caught standing beside a pile of bodies with a bloody knife."`
```

		conversation
			`As soon as you're safely out of the atmosphere, Cerridwyn catches your attention.`
			`	"Captain <last>, I'm afraid you've come too far with us to stop now. If we can make it to <destination>, we'll be able to plan a killing blow against Vlad Blaire. We've got contacts there who might be able to help, and the police there should be at least semicompetent."`
			choice
				`	"All right, I'll take you there."`
					decline
				`	"I don't see how I have any choice."`
			
			`	A wry smile flickers across Cerridwyn's face. "Me neither, captain. May God help us all."`

	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"entering"
			"target"
			confusion 10
		system "Rastaban"
		ship "Osprey" "Stiletto"
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 6
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"launching"
			"target"
			confusion 10
		ship "Hawk" "Charon's Watchman"
	
	on visit
		dialog `You arrive on <planet>, but somewhere along the way you lost some of the bounty hunters. Better depart and wait for your escorts to enter the system.`

	on complete
		conversation

> 			`As your ship settles into a berth on <planet>, the four surviving bounty hunters are hard-eyed and rearing to go. Klaus checks his small pistol over and over again, and Dagger pops half a dozen painkillers into his mouth.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As your ship settles into a berth on <planet>, the four surviving bounty hunters are hard-eyed and raring to go. Klaus checks his small pistol over and over again, and Dagger pops half a dozen painkillers into his mouth.`
```

			`	You punch open the hatch, and Cerridwyn turns to face you. "Spaceport bar, half an hour. See you then."`

mission "Silver Talon 4"
	name "Kill Vlad Blaire"
	description "Wait for Vlad Blaire's flagship, the Crimson Horde, to enter the system. Then, disable and board it to allow the surviving bounty hunters to confirm his death."
	passengers 4
	blocked "You'll need four bunks free to carry the surviving members of the Silver Talon. Return here when you have the required space free."
	source "New Iceland"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 3: done"

	on offer
		conversation
			`As you walk into the spaceport bar, you are met by a small crowd of sailors. The four bounty hunters are at the center of the group, talking in a low murmur with one of the better-off spacefarers. Upon seeing you, Pict walks over to greet you.`

> 			`	"Cerridwyn's friends," she says, gesturing to the crowd. Damn fools, if you ask me, but she's got them fired up. With any luck, some of them will even help us out."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Cerridwyn's friends," she says, gesturing to the crowd. "Damn fools, if you ask me, but she's got them fired up. With any luck, some of them will even help us out."`
```

			`	"Captain <last>, I'd like you to meet captains John Smith, Norma Down, and Yven Stieber. Captains, <first> <last>."`
			`	A round of handshakes ensues.`
			`	"Look, you all know why you're here. There's no point making a speech, so I'll just go over the plan one more time.`
			`	"In a few hours, we expect Blaire to enter the system. At that time, we will meet his fleet in orbit. Captains Smith, Down, and Stieber will engage the fleet and try to distract them. Don't take unnecessary risks, but don't hang back and blow hot air at them either. While you're fighting the fleet, Captain <last> will try to take down and disable Blaire's flagship. Once the ship is disabled, <last> will dock with it and we will board and dispatch Blaire. As soon as we're done, we will signal to the you to disengage and you can expect a nice heavy bounty payment in your bank account tomorrow morning. Understood?"`
			`	There's a murmur of assent, and you file out of the bar, as ready as you're going to be for what comes next.`
				accept
	

> 	npc board

Reviewer: I don't see an answer to this in the wiki so I'll ask here... what happens to the ship after you board it? I would assume it gets destroyed, because if not you could just board it again and capture it, and the damage the bazooka has done would be gone.

Author: It does get destroyed, thanks to the `launch` endpoint.

mission "Pict's Legacy 2"
	name "Follow Pict's Killer"
	description "Navy Intelligence has let Pict's killer loose in the hope he'll unwittingly lead them to Alphas. Follow him to <destination>, destroying any threats you find there before landing."
	source "Ada"
	destination "Sandswell"
	passengers 3
	deadline 3
	blocked "You'll need three bunks if you want to continue searching for Pict's killer. Return here when you have the required space free."
	to offer
		has "Pict's Legacy 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You find yourself back in the spaceport with Raven and the crew of her Gunboat.`
			`	"Thanks to your help, Captain <last>, we've been able to pinpoint the killer. Better yet, we think we might be about to discover where his controllers are hiding."`
			choice
				`	"That's great news! Where is he?"`
				`	"So you don't think he was acting alone?"`
					goto alone
			
			action
				set "pict-legacy-2-plan-explained"
			
			`	"Right now, he should just be leaving the atmosphere in a fully-fueled Flivver."`
			`	Raven's pilot chuckles. "Fully-bugged, too."`

> 			`	"Exactly," she continues. "That Flivver is emitting more than Chernobyl. The killer might think he's getting away, but all he's going to do is lead us directly to where his bosses are hiding out."`

Reviewer: Would Chernobyl still be synonymous with radiation in a thousand years? I was going to suggest substituting Geminus, but that seems a bit tactless for a Navy Intelligence agent.

Author: Hmm, fair point. I suppose I could also use a different, made-up nuclear disaster or just use something else in the comparison...

Actually, now that I think about it, translating "Bad Idea" to a different language and naming a nuclear disaster after that seems like it could be a neat Easter egg.

			`	Her finger moves to the second photo. "Daniel 'Dagger' Dresden: retired Republic Navy marine undergoing treatment for alcohol-induced hepatitis. Died of sudden multiple organ failure in hospital on Starcross fifteen minutes after the doctors decided he was stable and fit for surgery."`
			`	Indicating the third photo, she goes on. "Hadija Jumanne: senior Republic defense staffer who organized a bounty program on pirates with suspected connections to the Alphas. Fatally shot in her hotel room on Glory last month.`
			`	"Then, of course, there's Pict. Framing you for her murder was clever on the surface, but even the regular cops would have found enough evidence to clear you eventually. A skilled assassin would never have taken that kind of risk, even for revenge."`

			choice
				`	"Revenge? Is that why you think he went after Klaus, Dagger, and Pict?"`
				`	"Do you think their deaths had anything to do with Vlad Blaire?"`
					goto blaire
				`	"What about Cerridwyn? Is she okay?"`
					goto cerridwyn
			

> 			`	"That was certainly why he agreed to, yes. It seems like his father was killed a number of years ago during an aborted hit on Vlad Blaire... an attack that the three of them were involved in with you unless I'm mistaken.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"That was certainly why he agreed to do it, yes. It seems like his father was killed a number of years ago during an aborted hit on Vlad Blaire... an attack that the three of them were involved in with you, unless I'm mistaken.`
```

			`	Raven only grins and calls in a request to Navy Intelligence HQ for all information regarding the Mary Anne.`
			`	Even with the hyperspace relays, it takes a good hour for Navy Intelligence to get back. In the intervening time, the five of you chat and Raven asks Mr. Miyano a few more questions without using her Questioner methodologies.`
			`	Finally, Raven receives a response to her query in the form of several hundred pages of dense notation. Scrolling down to the bottom, she finds what she's looking for: a list of recent ports of call and system entries by the so-called Grub's ship.`
			`	At the bottom of the list? Stopovers on Tundra and Reunion including full fuel top-ups, and fly-throughs of systems in a straight line from Cebalrai to Acamar.`
			`	Raven smiles a shark's toothy smile. "Looks like someone screwed up royally... Someone who was on Tundra, and then flew to Acamar and vanished... Someone who bought desert survival gear on a snowball planet... Someone, in other words, who was really going to Sandswell.`
			`	"Thank you for your help, Mr. Miyano. I do believe we've found our Alphas - either that or a tourist with especially odd taste."`

> 			`	With that, the four of your return to your ship, leaving Mr. Miyano to his shopkeeping. Raven stays outside for a minute to take a call before returning to the cockpit.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	With that, the four of you return to your ship, leaving Mr. Miyano to his shopkeeping. Raven stays outside for a minute to take a call before returning to the cockpit.`
```

			`	"Right, Captain <last>. We're headed to <system>. If we see signs of Alpha activity, we will go suborbital over <planet> to secure the area and wait for Navy reinforcements. Oh, and the Navy has approved a payment of <payment> for you for your troubles once we set down there."`
				accept
	
	npc
		personality
			"waiting"
			"staying"
			"heroic"
			"opportunistic"
			confusion 10
		system "Acamar"
		government "Republic"
		fleet "Large Republic" 3
		fleet "Small Republic" 4
	
	on enter "Kugel"
		conversation
			`As you enter Kugel, Raven, Feng, and Isaksen start fiddling with what looks like a cross between a steampunk artist's chef d'oeuvre and a giant crocus. Raven barks instructions as Feng twists the knobs? flowerpetals? of the strange machine before she finally sits bolt upright.`
			`	"We've got them. Oh, have we ever got them."`

> 			`	On the side of the machine, a small screen has been filled with hundreds of red dots. Isaksen takes one look at the display and blanches. "How on Earth did we ever miss them?" they ask. No one replies.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	On the side of the machine, a small screen has been filled with hundreds of red dots. Isaksen takes one look at the display and blanches. "How did we ever miss them?" they ask. No one replies.`
```
We're not on Earth. :-)

			`	With that sage advice ringing in your ears, you dive in on the Firebird, the tortured metal of your ship screaming in agony. Through a gap in the clouds of sand and grit you catch a glimpse of metal and glass and line up your sights.`
			`	The result is more devastating than anything you have ever seen before. Your shot catches the Firebird square in the cockpit, instantly pulverizing the reinforced, unshielded glass. The blast continues backward through the ship before the entire thing explodes in a massive gout of deuterium fire.`
			`	Bringing the <ship> around again, you line up on another target, only for Pict to yell in your ear. "That's a Navy ship!" She pauses to assess the situation. "They've got it handled! Just disengage and go to ground!"`
			`	Following her guidance, you level out your ship and head for <planet>'s surface.`
				goto landing
			
			label unarmed
			`	Pict chuckles. "You'll be fine. Raven had half the Navy on standby in Acamar and they'll be here any minute now. Just duck and weave and look threatening."`

> 			`	Raven calls out something else, but you can't hear her over the sound of the wind outside. Suddenly, you catch a glint of magenta paint flash by in the distance. Throwing the <ship> into a spiral, you frantically dodge as the Firebird stoops on you. The ship bucks from a glancing plasma hit but holds together.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Raven calls out something else, but you can't hear her over the sound of the wind outside. Suddenly, you catch a glint of magenta paint flash by in the distance. Throwing the <ship> into a spiral, you frantically dodge as the Firebird swoops on you. The ship bucks from a glancing plasma hit but holds together.`
```

Author: Hmm, "stoops" was intentional here, with the definition being `To swoop down, as a bird in pursuing its prey. `

You're right that it feels a little awkward, but I also don't want to overuse "swoops" because it comes up again in the next paragraph. Maybe if I used "pounces" instead, it would work better and still make the Firebird feel like a predatory bird?

Reviewer: Pounces is good.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	Raven calls out something else, but you can't hear her over the sound of the wind outside. Suddenly, you catch a glint of magenta paint flash by in the distance. Throwing the <ship> into a spiral, you frantically dodge as the Firebird pounces on you. The ship bucks from a glancing plasma hit but holds together.`
```

				payment 100000
			`	"Well, that's okay. We'll always appreciate the help you've given us in fulfilling our father's will. Oh, and here's your payment, and a little extra for putting up with us all this time," Liam says, handing you a few credit chips for <payment>. "We wish you well through the stars!" Again, the siblings both thank you profusely for the trip, and you watch them leave Prime's spaceport with excitement.`
				decline

mission "Silver Talon 1"
	name "Bounty hunters to <planet>"

> 	description "Take these <bunks> to <destination> in exchange for <payment>, then wait until they return to take them off-planet again."

Reviewer 2: These bunks what?

Author: Oops.

```suggestion
	description "Take these <bunks> bounty hunters to <destination> in exchange for <payment>, then wait until they return to take them off-planet again."
```

	clearance
	infiltrating
	passengers 5
	source
		attributes "near earth"
	destination "Greenrock"
	to offer
		random < 5
		"reputation: Pirate" < -500
		"combat rating" >= 80
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Walking through the spaceport, you are flagged down by a very short woman sitting on a box labeled "Explosive! Corrosive! Flammable! Extremely Toxic! Handle With Car!" and holding the largest bazooka you've ever seen and wearing a pin displaying a small silver eagle talon.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`Walking through the spaceport, you are flagged down by a very short woman who is sitting on a box labeled "Explosive! Corrosive! Flammable! Extremely Toxic! Handle With Car!" and holding the largest bazooka you've ever seen and wearing a pin displaying a small silver eagle talon.`
```

				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
					goto legal

			label greenrock
			`	"Well, that's the thing, isn't it? We need to get to <destination>, then we'll do our work, and then we'll need a ride out of there afterwards, which might be pretty hot. Truth is, I figured an experienced-looking captain like you with a pockmarked but well-maintained ship was just the ticket. Was I right?"`
			choice
				`	"I'm in! Sounds like an adventure."`
					goto in
				`	"What's the payment situation?"`
					goto payment
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
			
			label legal
			`	The woman laughs. "Like laws apply on pirate worlds, anyways... If you're wondering, we're not going to knock off anyone civilized, no. Just another bloodsucking leech, killing off his fleet one by one in order to earn some credits, that's all. Way we figure it, it's him or us. That's the way the Republic feels, too."`
			choice
				`	"Okay, then, I'm in."`
					goto in
				`	"Sounds like a worthy cause, but how much are you going to pay me?"`
				`	"Sorry, but I wouldn't feel right helping you kill anyone, even if they are a pirate warlord."`
					goto killers
			
			label payment

> 			`	"Always the businessperson, I see. Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>. If our job is successful, you will receive a 15% share in the bounty, or approximately 400 thousand credits. If the job fails, naturally you won't receive that amount but you will earn <payment> for getting us off planet as quickly as possible. Sounds good?"`

Reviewer 2: The interposition of numbers and words here seems a little awkward. How about one of these:
```suggestion
			`	"Always the businessperson, I see. Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>. If our job is successful, you will receive a 15% share in the bounty, or approximately 400K credits. If the job fails, naturally you won't receive that amount but you will earn <payment> for getting us off planet as quickly as possible. Sounds good?"`
```
```suggestion
			`	"Always the businessperson, I see. Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>. If our job is successful, you will receive a 15% share in the bounty, or approximately four hundred thousand credits. If the job fails, naturally you won't receive that amount but you will earn <payment> for getting us off planet as quickly as possible. Sounds good?"`
```
```suggestion
			`	"Always the businessperson, I see. Payment is <payment> credits set aside in a numbered transfer account effective immediately upon your acceptance of the job, and automatically delivered to you upon our arrival on <planet>. If our job is successful, you will receive a 15% share in the bounty, or approximately 400,000 credits. If the job fails, naturally you won't receive that amount but you will earn <payment> for getting us off planet as quickly as possible. Sounds good?"`
```

Author: Hmm, I'm not sure how I feel about this, but since there doesn't seem to be anywhere else in the game mixing words and figures below a million credits you probably have a good point.

			`	Introductions complete, the bounty hunters all fall into their bunks in preparation for the journey to <planet>.`
				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog "You arrive on <planet>, setting down some distance from the main spaceport. Unfortunately, not all the bounty hunters are on your flagship, so you're going to have to take off again to see what's taking them so long to get here."

	on complete
		log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" `Cerridwyn Morgan is the bazooka-toting leader of the Silver Talon, an eclectic group of bounty hunters.`
		conversation
			`The team of bounty hunters pass the flight to <planet> in relative silence - and with a very strong odor of garlic. As you enter the <system> system, Cerridwyn directs you to land in a secluded minor spaceport well away from the planet's major cities.`
			`	No sooner do you put down than Dagger cranks the <ship>'s hatch open and jumps out into the scorching heat. Klaus and Pict are close behind, followed by a pile of gear.`

> 			`	Cerridwyn waits a moment longer. "As agreed, a payment of <payment> has been deposited into your account," she says. "If all goes well, we'll be back within two hours. If you don't hear back within four, get the heck out of here.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Cerridwyn waits a moment longer. "As agreed, a payment of <payment> has been deposited into your account," she says. "If all goes well, we'll be back within two hours. If you don't hear back within four, get the heck out of here."`
```

			choice
				`	"Sounds good."`
					goto good
				`	"You don't want me to wait?"`
			`	"No, I don't. You've done right by us, and we owe you for it. If we're not back in four hours, we're probably all be dead and there'll be a price on your head too."`
			`	Cerridwyn exhales, a long, slow breath.`
			label good
			`	"Anyways, good luck, Captain <last>. Stick with your ship, make sure she's ready to lift on a moment's notice, and we'll see you in a few hours."`
			`	With that, Cerridwyn tosses her bazooka through the hatch and jumps down beside it. Louis gives you a jaunty salute and follows more cautiously. As the landing pad cools and the bounty hunters scramble toward a dilapidated ATV, you are left to mull over Cerridwyn's foreboding words.`
		payment 20000

mission "Silver Talon 2"
	name "Escape to <planet>"
	description "With the bounty hunters in tow, flee to <destination> to escape a fleet of enraged and vengeful pirates."
	landing
	passengers 4
	source "Greenrock"
	destination "Dancer"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 1: done"

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`	Time passes slowly. At first, you settle into your chair, watching the yellow-orange sun inch across the horizon. After about half an hour of silence, you drag yourself to your feet and start sorting through the junk in the <ship>'s maintenance closet. By the end of the second hour, you are elbow deep in a dusty pile of old malfunctioning datapads, most of which you don't remember ever owning. Three hours in, the closet looks almost presentable but the Silver Talon is nowhere to be seen.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`Time passes slowly. At first, you settle into your chair, watching the yellow-orange sun inch across the horizon. After about half an hour of silence, you drag yourself to your feet and start sorting through the junk in the <ship>'s maintenance closet. By the end of the second hour, you are elbow deep in a dusty pile of old malfunctioning datapads, most of which you don't remember ever owning. Three hours in, the closet looks almost presentable but the Silver Talon is nowhere to be seen.`
```

			`	Just as you're beginning to give up hope, you hear a large explosion in the distance. A minute later, a speck appears on the horizon, a speck which soon resolves itself into the outline of a very old truck doing far more than what the speed limit would be on any civilized planet.`
			`	Behind the huge billowing cloud of dust raised by the truck, two hovercraft appear. A figure in the back of the truck stands and fires a very large bazooka, and the leading hovercraft vanishes in a fireball. The other swerves into a ditch.`

> 			`	Soon, the ATV is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-metre stripe of rubber. Before the truck has settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Soon, the ATV is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-meter stripe of rubber. Before the truck has settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`
```
~~Canadianism strikes again~~

Author: ~~It's called the metric system, not the metirc system~~

			`	Cerridwyn is the first through the hatch in your ship, preceded only by her rocket launcher. Klaus and Pict haul the wounded Dagger through with the rest of their equipment, and slam the hatch shut.`
			`	"Okay, Captain," Cerridwyn says, "It's time to blow this popsicle stand."`
			choice
				`	(Lift off.)`
					goto lift
				`	"Yes, ma'am."`
				`	"What about Louis?"`
					goto louis
				`	"Did you succeed?"`
					goto failure
			`	Cerridwyn nods sharply and takes her seat.`
				goto lift
			label louis
			`	Cerridwyn merely shakes her head.`
				goto lift
			label failure
			`	Cerridwyn laughs bitterly. "Does it look like we succeeded? We blew it, and we're going to have Sam Hill to pay if you don't get us off the ground pronto."`
			label lift
			`	As you shunt power to your repulsors and begin to lift, you hear the sound of gunfire outside. The remaining hovercraft, back on the dirt road, charges toward your ship. Suddenly, the old truck explodes, spraying the <ship> with flaming olive oil. Bullets hit the hull all around you like a murderous rainstorm.`
			choice
				`	(Strafe the hovercraft.)`
					goto strafe
					to display

> 						"flagship attribute: weapon capacity" != "flagship base attribute: weapon capacity"

Reviewer 2: This may be an issue elsewhere, but this allows you to potentially strafe the hovercraft with your AM/reverse thrusters, if you have any installed.
I think you can use armament deterrence instead? ... unless you want the player to be able to strafe with reverse thrusters, which _would_ be kinda cool

Author: Hmm, good point. Since I used armament deterrence later on anyways that's probably a better method.

```suggestion
						has "armament deterrence"
```

				`	(Get out of here.)`
			`	Cranking your engines, you blast off, soon escaping the range of the small arms in the hovercraft. As your heartbeat slows, you approach the Karman line and enter space.`
				goto escape
			label strafe
			`	Rather than flee, you turn your guns on the hovercraft. For a brief moment, you see the terrified face and upraised arms of a pirate, before a rain of fire sweeps the vehicle and transforms it into a lump of smoldering charcoal.`
			`	The cockpit is silent as you turn for space, save for the hum of your ship's air conditioner.`
			action

> 				set "Silver Talon: Hovercraft kill"

Reviewer 2: Maybe reduce karma too, just because?

Author: Hmm... right now I think it's just FW missions that use karma. I think I'd rather not touch it right now.

			`	"Well, shoot," Cerridwyn mutters. "We should have known that he wouldn't take kindly to us escaping. Better get out of here fast. We've got friends on <destination>, so that's probably the best target."`
				accept
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"waiting"
			"target"
			confusion 5
		ship "Bastion (Laser)" "Swift Scimitar"
		fleet "Large Southern Pirates" 1
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 2
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"waiting"
			"target"
			confusion 10
		ship "Bastion (Heavy)" "Red Tide"
		fleet "Large Southern Pirates" 1
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 1
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"waiting"
			"staying"
			"target"
			confusion 10
		system "Lesath"
		ship "Osprey (Missile)" "Lurker's Shank"
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 3

	on visit
		dialog `You arrive on <planet>, but somewhere along the way you lost some of the bounty hunters. Better depart and wait for your escorts to enter the system.`

	on complete
		conversation

> 			`The <ship>'s hull pockmarked with blaster scars, you land in the spaceport on <planet>. Pirates continue to flood into the system, but <planet>'s missile batteries deter them from following you into the atmosphere.`

Reviewer 2: What if you killed all the pirates, or cloaked as soon as you took off?

Author: If you killed all the pirates, that shouldn't matter. Blaire definitely wasn't on any of the ships, since his flagship is a named Leviathan, so it makes sense to me at least that there's other ships that you don't encounter that would keep showing up to track you down.

If you immediately cloaked, that's an issue I didn't think of... I don't know of a good way to account for that though?

Reviewer 2: Mhmm. I guess we could also leave it as flavor text that doesn't necessarily have to be accurate.

Author: Yeah, I think I'll just leave it as-is until people complain :)

			`	Cerridwyn exhales slowly, and turns to you. "Thanks for your help, <first>. I wish it didn't have to end this way, but you stood by us and we'll be forever grateful."`
			`	Abruptly, she hands you <payment>. "I'm sorry we can't pay you better. The rest is going to Louis' folks, but we owe you this much. If you hadn't gotten us out of there..."`
			choice
				`	"Thank you."`
					goto thanks
				`	"I can't take this."`

> 			`	Cerridwyn becomes much firmer "You can, and will, <first> <last>. If you hadn't flown us out of there like that - or, if you had left an hour earlier - we'd all be dead. It's the least we can do."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Cerridwyn becomes much firmer. "You can, and will, <first> <last>. If you hadn't flown us out of there like that - or, if you had left an hour earlier - we'd all be dead. It's the least we can do."`
```

			label thanks
			`	The payment made, Cerridwyn suddenly seems to collapse in front of your eyes. Picking up her bazooka, she slings it silently over her shoulder and wanders off aimlessly into the spaceport. Klaus and Pict follow close behind, carrying the rest of the bounty hunters' gear.`
			`	Dagger, a crutch under his arm, stumbles after his companions but stops when he sees you watching. "Y'know, cap'n," he mutters, obviously very drunk and speaking slowly, "This ain't over. We'll see Vlad Blaire ded yet for 'is crimes. And I tell yuh, we cud shure use yur 'elp. Whaddayuh say yuh join us a'the spacepurt bahr in an hour?"`
			`	With that, the wounded veteran turns and thumps off your ship, joining the other bounty hunters.`
		payment 35000

> mission "Silver Talon 3"

Reviewer 2: I think you're missing a passengers line here?

Author: Pretty sure I have it?

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah, oops

	name "Escape to <planet>"
	description "With the bounty hunters in tow, flee to <destination> to escape a fleet of enraged and vengeful pirates."
	passengers 4
	blocked "You'll need four bunks free to carry the surviving members of the Silver Talon. Return here when you have the required space free."
	source "Dancer"
	destination "New Iceland"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 2: done"

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You arrive in the bar to find Klaus, Pict, and Dagger seated around a table. Or, In Dagger's case, passed out on the table surrounded by more bottles of cheap beer than the bar has sold to any other customer all evening.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`You arrive in the bar to find Klaus, Pict, and Dagger seated around a table. Or, in Dagger's case, passed out on the table surrounded by more bottles of cheap beer than the bar has sold to any other customer all evening.`
```

			`	On the other side of the room, Cerridywn sits alone at the bar, nursing what looks to be a glass of mineral water.`
			choice
				`	(Join Klaus, Pict, and Dagger.)`
				`	(Approach Cerridwyn.)`
					goto cerridwyn

> 			`	Gingerly shifting a pile of beer bottles from a chair, you sit down beside Klaus. No sooner does your seat touch the seat than he lets off a string of curses at the universe, God, chance, an ancient American named Murphy, pirate warlords, the Navy, and eight or nine other nouns you don't catch in the maelstrom.`

Reviewer 2: Not sure if I like the multiple uses of the word "seat" here. Maybe
```suggestion
			`	Gingerly shifting a pile of beer bottles from a chair, you sit down beside Klaus. No sooner do you touch the seat than he lets off a string of curses at the universe, God, chance, an ancient American named Murphy, pirate warlords, the Navy, and eight or nine other nouns you don't catch in the maelstrom.`
```

Author: It was intentional wordplay for mild comic relief. I think if I were to change it I'd change the action as well to make it a bit cleaner (something like `As you settle into the seat`).

I still don't know if I want to change it though... are you finding it unclear or awkward as-is?

Reviewer 2: It's fine as-is

			`	A look passes between the five of you, and you're suddenly running full speed for the <ship>. It's not until you reach orbit that your heart rate returns to normal.`
				launch
			
			label firefight
			`	Drawing your gun, you soon find that the thugs are much less impressive fighters than their bulging muscles suggest. You take three shots, and two of your assailants collapse to the floor. A round from Klaus' pistol clips the shoulder of a third, knocking him off balance as he drops his weapon.`
			`	Suddenly, Dagger lunges forward, taking out the fourth man with a quick flurry of blows. The remaining two attackers turn tail and run off into the night.`
			`	The five of you regroup outside the bar to the sound of distant sirens.`
			choice
				`	"What do we do now?"`
					goto flee
				`	"Who were those people?"`

			`	"Vlad Blaire's employees," Pict replies cooly. "And now we've got to get out of here. The police will be here in twenty minutes or so, and I for one don't want to be caught standing beside a pile of bodies with a bloody knife."`
				goto objections
			
			label flee
			`	"We leave," Dagger slurs. "Quickly-like befuh there's muhofem.`

> 				goto objections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

	passengers 4
	blocked "You'll need four bunks free to carry the surviving members of the Silver Talon. Return here when you have the required space free."
	source "New Iceland"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 3: done"

	on offer
		conversation
			`As you walk into the spaceport bar, you are met by a small crowd of sailors. The four bounty hunters are at the center of the group, talking in a low murmur with one of the better-off spacefarers. Upon seeing you, Pict walks over to greet you.`
			`	"Cerridwyn's friends," she says, gesturing to the crowd. "Damn fools, if you ask me, but she's got them fired up. With any luck, some of them will even help us out."`
			`	You watch as Cerridwyn and Klaus continue to speak to the spacers. One by one, they wander off, leaving empty glasses on the table. Finally, three captains remain.`
			`	"Captain <last>, I'd like you to meet captains John Smith, Norma Down, and Yven Stieber. Captains, <first> <last>."`
			`	A round of handshakes ensues.`
			`	"Look, you all know why you're here. There's no point making a speech, so I'll just go over the plan one more time.`

> 			`	"In a few hours, we expect Blaire to enter the system. At that time, we will meet his fleet in orbit. Captains Smith, Down, and Stieber will engage the fleet and try to distract them. Don't take unnecessary risks, but don't hang back and blow hot air at them either. While you're fighting the fleet, Captain <last> will try to take down and disable Blaire's flagship. Once the ship is disabled, <last> will dock with it and we will board and dispatch Blaire. As soon as we're done, we will signal to the you to disengage and you can expect a nice heavy bounty payment in your bank account tomorrow morning. Understood?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"In a few hours, we expect Blaire to enter the system. At that time, we will meet his fleet in orbit. Captains Smith, Down, and Stieber will engage the fleet and try to distract them. Don't take unnecessary risks, but don't hang back and blow hot air at them either. While you're fighting the fleet, Captain <last> will try to take down and disable Blaire's flagship. Once the ship is disabled, <last> will dock with it and we will board and dispatch Blaire. As soon as we're done, we will signal you to disengage and you can expect a nice heavy bounty payment in your bank account tomorrow morning. Understood?"`
```

			`	There's a murmur of assent, and you file out of the bar, as ready as you're going to be for what comes next.`
				accept
	
	npc board
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"entering"
			"staying"
			"target"
			"marked"
			confusion 5
		ship "Leviathan" "Baron's Cave"
		conversation
			`The hull of the <ship> rings like a gong as you come in to dock slightly too quickly. Or perhaps not too quickly, since Cerridwyn, Pict, and Dagger are already in the airlock waiting for the doors to slide open.`
			`	Suddenly, the airlock opens with a hiss and the three bounty hunters are off, gutting the inside of Blaire's ship. Cerridwyn fires shot after shot from her bazooka, until you can almost see straight through to the cockpit of the Crimson Horde from where you're standing.`
			`	A couple pirates show their heads, but Klaus quickly sends them ducking for cover once more with a couple shots from his pistol.`

> 			`	Then, as quickly as it began, it's over. All four bounty hunters pile into your ship, grim-faced but satisfied. Now, you only have to get back to <planet> in one piece.`

Reviewer 2: Only three of them left your ship.

Author: Oops. I might tweak it to make it clear that Klaus didn't just vanish.

```suggestion
			`	Then, as quickly as it began, it's over. All four bounty hunters return to their seats, grim-faced but satisfied. Now, you only have to get back to <planet> in one piece.`
```

		conversation
			`Back on <planet>, the survivors of the battle gather around in the spaceport bar. Cerridwyn says some congratulations and starts handing out credit chips. You receive one for <payment>; it seems that either the bounty on Blaire's head went up since you took the job or else Cerridwyn has chosen to pay you more than your 15% cut.`
			`	Gradually, the crowd disperses, until looking back you see only the four bounty hunters...`
			`	Dagger, drunk out of his mind, passed out on a table.`
			`	Klaus, hand on his pistol holster as if afraid the weapon will dissolve the moment he lets it be.`
			`	Pict, silent and steely-eyed but hurting within.`
			`	And Cerridwyn, proud Cerridwyn, gleaming rocket launcher at her feet and silver talon pinned to her chest, her facade of poise crumbling as you turn to leave.`

event "Pict Trigger"

mission "Pict's Legacy 1"
	name "Chase Pict's Killer"
	description "The man who killed Pict has fled Hermes and is heading to <destination>. Get Raven there no later than <date> to have a hope of catching him."
	source "Hermes"
	destination "Ada"
	passengers 3
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "event: Pict Trigger"
		has "main plot completed"

> 		has "Silver Talon: Hovercraft kill"

Reviewer 2: I would love if it wasn't three words capitalized, one word not
Maybe use "killed hovercraft" instead?

Author: Yeah, that would work. I keep forgetting I'm writing for vanilla and don't have to choose obscure names for stuff.

			choice
				`	(Head to 45 Impala Street.)`
					goto trap
				`	(Ignore the message.)`

			`	With no good reason to believe the message is genuine or urgent, you ignore it and go back to watching the race. About ten minutes pass before you hear sirens, and in only another five the news makes its way to your eyes: Compassion "Pict" Macdonald, SgtMaj, Republic Navy, found dead. Murdered, at 45 Impala Street.`
				decline

			label trap
			`	It doesn't take long to find 45 Impala Street, certainly no longer than fifteen minutes. The building is a slab of concrete built in the timeless style: modern four decades ago, hopelessly ugly today. The door stands ajar, and you reach for your gun as you cross the threshold into the house. The lights inside are off, and it is pitch black.`
			choice
				`	"Is anyone home?"`
				`	(Turn on the lights.)`
					goto lights
				`	(Continue with the lights off.)`
					goto unlit

			`	The only reply you receive is the distant hum of a generator, punctuated by your own heartbeat.`
			choice
				`	(Turn on the lights.)`

> 				`	(Continue with the lights off..)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				`	(Continue with the lights off.)`
```

	on enter "Capella"
		conversation
			`You arrive in orbit just in time to watch Raven's Gunboat disappear into hyperspace. The assassin's ship is already gone, but Raven seems unfazed.`
			`	"He can't have gotten far... with the afterburner thrust he was using there's no way he'll be able to make it any further than <system> without running out of fuel. So that means we're headed for <planet>."`
			`	As Raven's speaking, you notice a whole flotilla of Navy ships streaking out of the atmosphere behind you.`

	npc
		government "Republic"
		personality
			"heroic"
			"opportunistic"
			"launching"
			"staying"
			confusion 10
		fleet "Large Republic"
		fleet "Small Republic" 3

	on complete
		conversation
			`As soon as you land on <planet>, Raven's marines spring to their feet.`
			`	"It looks like we've got him," she tells you. "We'll know for sure in half an hour, though, so meet us back in the spaceport then."`

mission "Pict's Legacy 2"
	name "Follow Pict's Killer"
	description "Navy Intelligence has let Pict's killer loose in the hope he'll unwittingly lead them to Alphas. Follow him to <destination>, destroying any threats you find there before landing."
	source "Ada"

> 	destination "Sandswell"

Reviewer 2: Ooo, now we have a planet that isn't "used for a single mission and forgotten"!

	passengers 3
	deadline 3
	blocked "You'll need three bunks if you want to continue searching for Pict's killer. Return here when you have the required space free."
	to offer
		has "Pict's Legacy 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You find yourself back in the spaceport with Raven and the crew of her Gunboat.`
			`	"Thanks to your help, Captain <last>, we've been able to pinpoint the killer. Better yet, we think we might be about to discover where his controllers are hiding."`
			choice
				`	"That's great news! Where is he?"`
				`	"So you don't think he was acting alone?"`
					goto alone
			
			action

> 				set "pict-legacy-2-plan-explained"

Reviewer 2: Any reason why we're using dashes instead of the normal format?

Author: No good one, at least.

Author: Actually, there's no good reason for this condition to even exist.

			
			`	"Right now, he should just be leaving the atmosphere in a fully-fueled Flivver."`
			`	Raven's pilot chuckles. "Fully-bugged, too."`

> 			`	"Exactly," she continues. "That Flivver is emitting more than the Gamshig Reactor. The killer might think he's getting away, but all he's going to do is lead us directly to where his bosses are hiding out."`

Reviewer 2: What is the Gamshig Reactor?

Author: A fictional Mongolian fusion reactor that I invented about a week ago in response to the question "why do people still refer to Chernobyl in the 31st century"... although I suppose I could change it back?

Otherwise that's an opportunity for more content, I guess.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good then, let's leave it as is

			`	"As for why his bosses would supply and prepare him for such killings, revenge might have played a part there as well. I say might, because no one really understands Alpha psychology."`
				goto alphas
			
			label blaire
			`	"Absolutely. We believe that these murders were intended as reprisal killings for a number of operations that have been funded by the Navy since 2985. Over the past few years, these attacks have become more and more common - shootings, poisonings, bombings, sudden disappearances, one by one our soldiers and operatives are murdered. Nine times out of ten, no one is ever brought to court. It doesn't help that so many of the victims are redlined combat veterans with criminal records, or that the Alphas have gotten so good at covering up their crimes."`
				goto alphas
			
			label cerridwyn
			`	Raven looks you in the eyes. "I suppose you haven't really kept in touch, have you? Cerridwyn Morgan admitted herself to a mental hospital shortly after the death of Vlad Blaire upon the referral of her psychiatrist, and she's been there ever since. I wouldn't call her okay, but she is still alive. The Alphas only got her soul, not her body."`
			action

> 				log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" "Following the end of her time with Vlad Blaire, Cerridwyn admitted herself to a mental hospital where she has remained ever since."

Reviewer 2: Minor nitpick: don't we generally use backticks for the third log token?

Author: Hmm, looks like we do. Somehow I never noticed that.

```suggestion
				log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" `Following the end of her time with Vlad Blaire, Cerridwyn admitted herself to a mental hospital where she has remained ever since.`
```

			`	"We've been talking long enough - the Alphas' weapon is certainly out of the system by now, heading straight toward them like the idiot he is. Get your ship ready for battle, Captain <last>, because we're going to bleed those murdering scum.`
			`	"Our sensors show that Pict's killer just entered <system> and is heading for <planet>. Our ships are ready to follow with your help, to hunt and destroy any Alphas in the system before landing and arresting the murder weapon. Feng, Isaksen, and I will join you on your ship again."`
				accept

	npc
		government "Republic"
		personality
			"heroic"
			"opportunistic"
			"launching"
			confusion 10
		fleet "Large Republic"
		fleet "Small Republic"

	# These heavy reinforcements will arrive if the player can hold on for long enough.
	npc
		government "Republic"
		personality
			"heroic"
			"opportunistic"
			confusion 10
		system "Wazn"
		fleet "Large Republic" 3
	
	npc kill
		government "Alpha"
		personality
			"heroic"
			"staying"
			"target"
			"vindictive"
		system destination
		ship "Leviathan (Heavy)" "Doomsday"
		ship "Firebird (Plasma)" "Red Nova"
		ship "Firebird" "Exterminator"

> 		ship "Hauler" "Powder Train"

Reviewer 2: Not necessary, but seems like it might be cool to have this Hauler have an extra damaging explosion or something to match the name

Author: I think since this is a very minor, unimportant ship and the game doesn't typically take the explosiveness of a ship's cargo into account when giving it it's explosion I'll leave it as-is.

		dialog "With the Alphas destroyed, Raven quickly locates the signal emitted by the killer's ship and directs you to land near a large mountain on <planet>."
	
	on enter "Kugel"
		dialog "Entering Kugel, you see no sign of the killer's ship. Instead, the space around <planet> is swarming with Alpha warships."

	on visit
		dialog "You've land on <planet>, but the Alphas are still overhead. It looks like they're going to escape!"
	
	on complete
		log "Minor People" `Compassion "Pict" Macdonald` `Pict Macdonald was a former member of the Silver Talon and a Sergeant Major in the Republic Navy. She was killed by an Alpha-backed assassin in retaliation for the killing of Vlad Blaire.`

> 		log "People" "Raven" "Worked with Raven in tracking down the Alphas on Sandswell; the Alphas' crimes infuriated her in a way that nothing else seems to."

Reviewer 2: Ditto on backticks

Author: ```suggestion
		log "People" "Raven" `Worked with Raven in tracking down the Alphas on Sandswell; the Alphas' crimes infuriated her in a way that nothing else seems to.`
```

> 		log "Tracked down an Alpha-backed assassin who claimed I killed his father, destroying multiple Alpha warships in the process. The killer had previously murdered most of the former members of the Silver Talon - it seems Cerridwyn Morgan and I are the only survivors."

Reviewer 2: The player joined the Silver Talon?

Author: Hmm... not really, although I think it's safe to say that Vlad Blaire was the only bounty they ever hunted. Probably cleaner to just leave the player out of it, though.

```suggestion
		log "Tracked down an Alpha-backed assassin who claimed I killed his father, destroying multiple Alpha warships in the process. The killer had previously murdered most of the former members of the Silver Talon - it seems Cerridwyn Morgan is the only survivor of the group."
```

		payment 145000
		conversation
			`Your ship settles down amidst a cloud of dust. The two marines are out of their seats immediately and racing for the door.`
			`	"He's in the mountain," Raven says. "The map is showing some sort of underground complex."`
			
			choice
				`	"Well, then, let's go get him."`
				`	"Are you sure this is a good idea?"`
					goto idea
			
			`	Raven only nods before opening the hatch. The four of you are immediately met by a blast of stinging, blinding sand. Covering your eyes and mouths, you trudge toward what seems to be the complex's entrance, the <ship> quickly obscured by the dust clouds behind you.`
				goto continuation
			
			label idea
			`	"No, but we owe it to them," Raven replies. The marines only nod before opening the hatch and leading the way out into the stinging, blinding sand. Covering your eyes and mouths, the four of you trudge toward what seems to be the complex's entrance, the <ship> quickly obscured by the dust clouds behind you.`

			label continuation

> 			`	As you pass into the gaping tunnel, the wind lets up. One of the marines turns on a light, revealing the remains of a hastily abandoned fortress. Crates of food and clothing lie side-by-side with boxes of ammunition and jerrycans of starship fuel, dropped by the Alphas in their mad flight out of there.`

Reviewer 2: "mad flight out of there" seems a little awkward, but I can't quite place why

Author: ```suggestion
			`	As you pass into the gaping tunnel, the wind lets up. One of the marines turns on a light, revealing the remains of a hastily abandoned fortress. Crates of food and clothing lie side-by-side with boxes of ammunition and jerrycans of starship fuel, dropped by the Alphas in their rushed evacuation.`
```

			`	"Father," he cries, "Father, what have I done?"`
			`	Slowly, Miyano Tonogi slides back down to the ground. His breathing stops, and the assassin finally dies.`

			label denouement
			`	The four of you leave the cave as in a trance. Outside, the sandstorm has abated slightly, and you can see your ship parked beside a Navy Frigate. Sailors, marines, and support staff swarm the area. A medic applies some sort of salve to your wounded shoulder and pronounces you fit to fly. A clerk presses a credit chip worth <payment> into your hands in exchange for "services rendered to the Republic." A skinny officer cadet salutes and congratulates you with a grin.`
			`	Pict is not among them, nor is Klaus or Dagger, Colonel Nguyen or Raven's Tycjan Yanovik.`
			`	But Miyano Tonogi and the Alphas that held his reins are dead, and you are alive. You, and the hundred million people whose only connection with the events of the last week will be an obituary entry and a classified report unsealed fifty years from now.`

> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

> mission "Pict's Quest 1"

Reviewer 2: Three lines between missions?

					goto unavailable

			`	It's Raven, rather than Pict, who answers. "We're looking for a ride to <destination>. I'm afraid we'll only able to pay <payment> for this leg of the journey, but it's important work: a small group of Alphas was sighted there not too long ago and we think they might have been involved in a murder case.`
			`	"If everything goes well, we should be able to get you approved for better remuneration for later jobs."`

			choice
				`	"That sounds like a worthy cause. I'll take you there."`
				`	"Sorry, but I can't afford to take on a job for so little."`
					goto unavailable
			
			`	You lead the four soldiers over to your ship where they hop in with nothing more than the rucksacks on their backs and start preparing for the trip to <planet>.`
				accept

			label freeze
			`	Like the cynical psychopath you are, you ignore the freezing troops and return to the nice warm comfort of your ship.`
				decline

			label unavailable
			`	Pict frowns, and it's Raven who responds. "Understandable. At least in the military we get paid per diem instead of per barrel of shrink-wrapped mackarel we transport."`

> 			`	You exchange empty pleasentries, hand them a spare reflective thermal blanket of the sort that is inexpicably equipped in vast quantities on civilian spacecraft, and head back to the <ship>.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You exchange empty pleasantries, hand them a spare reflective thermal blanket of the sort that is inexplicably equipped in vast quantities on civilian spacecraft, and head back to the <ship>.`
```

			`	"That's right," she replies.`
			`	"When I was young, I remember one of Blaire's men... he came to our tenement and gave all us kids a lecture about never paying for anything with a bank card; he said the government could track everywhere you went with it. Is that right?"`
			`	"Well, not quite," Raven responds, somewhat chagrined. "If we have a bank card we can connect it to any pilot's license or other documents you have in your name. But that only works if the vendor keeps a record of the transaction."`
			`	Mr. Miyano's eyes glow. "Then we've found them! I have a record of the card they used right here!"`
			choice
				`	"Wait, you sold them supplies?"`
				`	"Sorry, does anyone else think it's weird that the Republic can just track you whenever you buy anything?"`
					goto surveillance

			`	"Why, of course!" he exclaims. "That's how I saw them."`
			`	"May I see your records?" Raven asks.`

			label surveillance
			branch surveillance_fw
				has "event: joined the free worlds"

> 			`	"Well, perhaps," Pict replies, "but it's not quite so simple. I thought a Free World bigwig like you would know about that, though, seeing as how one of the south's big objections to pilot's licenses was always the invasion of privacy."`

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on capitalizing south?

Author: Probably a good idea.

```suggestion
			`	"Well, perhaps," Pict replies, "but it's not quite so simple. I thought a Free World bigwig like you would know about that, though, seeing as how one of the South's big objections to pilot's licenses was always the invasion of privacy."`
```

			`	"Right, Captain <last>. We're headed to <system>. If we see signs of Alpha activity, we will go suborbital over <planet> to secure the area and wait for Navy reinforcements. Oh, and the Navy has approved a payment of <payment> for you for your troubles once we set down there."`
				accept
	
	npc
		personality
			"waiting"
			"staying"
			"heroic"
			"opportunistic"
			confusion 10
		system "Acamar"
		government "Republic"
		fleet "Large Republic" 3
		fleet "Small Republic" 4
	
	on enter "Kugel"
		conversation
			`As you enter Kugel, Raven, Feng, and Isaksen start fiddling with what looks like a cross between a steampunk artist's chef d'oeuvre and a giant crocus. Raven barks instructions as Feng twists the knobs? flowerpetals? of the strange machine before she finally sits bolt upright.`
			`	"We've got them. Oh, have we ever got them."`
			`	On the side of the machine, a small screen has been filled with hundreds of red dots. Isaksen takes one look at the display and blanches. "How did we ever miss them?" they ask. No one replies.`

> 			`	Finally, Raven breaks the silence. "Take us down as fast as you can, Captain <last>, and be prepared to fight. There's at least a hundred Alphas down there with some serious warships. Thankfully, they don't seem to have any planet-based defenses, but if you let those ships reach orbit they'll blast us to smithereens.`

Reviewer 2: What if the player is flying an endgame ship (e.g. an Arfecta)?

Author: Uh.....

			choice
				`	"I'm on it."`
					decline
				`	"I don't think anyone but us is going to be doing any blasting today."`
				`	"The <ship> doesn't have any weapons. How are we supposed to defend ourselves?"`
					to display
						not "armament deterrence"
					goto unarmed
			

> 			`	"That's the spirit. But hurry."`

Author: How would something like this be for addressing the Arfecta scenario?

```suggestion
			`	"That's the spirit. But even still, we need to get down there as fast as possible to make sure the Alphas don't escape."`
```

Reviewer 2: Sure, but line 12760 also mentions that the pirates will "blast us to smithereens" which wouldn't be accurate in such a scenario. Could change that to "let those ships reach orbit they could blast us to smithereens" (replacing they'll with they could)

Author: Perhaps, but I think having `I don't think anyone but us is going to be doing any blasting today.` (maybe rephrased?) as an option addresses that.

Author: Okay, I've rephrased this choice to make it a little clearer and less weird.

				decline
			
			label unarmed
			`	"In that case, we pray that reinforcements get here in time to save us before those Alphas get their guns online."`
	
	on complete
		payment 60000

> 		log "Minor People" "Pict" "A member of Navy Intelligence and a former member of the Silver Talon, Pict is heavily involved in the ongoing war against the Alphas."

Reviewer 2: Ditto on backticks

Author: ```suggestion
		log "Minor People" "Pict" `A member of Navy Intelligence and a former member of the Silver Talon, Pict is heavily involved in the ongoing war against the Alphas.`
```

		log "Helped Pict and Raven track down and destroy a major Alpha base on Sandswell, gaining some experience in atmospheric combat in the process."
		conversation
			`Shortly after you enter the atmosphere, Raven calls out. "We've got contact! Firebird, directly below. Looks like a cold start - they don't have any shields."`

> 			`	Pict stands by your side, ignoring the lurches of the ship beneath you. "You've ever fought in atmosphere before, <first>?"`

Reviewer 2: I think we can just take this word out. 
```suggestion
			`	Pict stands by your side, ignoring the lurches of the ship beneath you. "Ever fought in atmosphere before, <first>?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Sure, I know what I'm doing."`
					to display
						has "armament deterrence"
				`	"No, do you have any tips?"`
					to display
						has "armament deterrence"
					goto tips
				`	"Sure, but usually I have weapons."`
					to display
						not "armament deterrence"
					goto unarmed
				`	"What part of 'unarmed' makes you think we're going to be doing any fighting?"`
					to display
						not "armament deterrence"
					goto unarmed
			
			`	"In that case, I'll shut up and let you fly."`
			`	Raven calls out something else, but you can't make it out over the roar of the wind outside. Suddenly, you see a glimpse of metal, far too close. Instinctively, you open fire, but your shots go harmlessly past the wildly jerking Firebird.`
			`	Metal screams as you throw the <ship> into a tight bank, and Pict staggers but doesn't lose her balance. Using your instruments instead of your eyes, you track the Firebird's caret until it crosses your line of fire and let loose with everything you have. A shockwave and a red flash confirm your kill.`

> 			`	Raven yells something else, but you can't hear. On your radar screen you line up on a second target, noting with dismay the sudden swarm of icons. Your finger reaches for the trigger, preparing the fire... but then Pict swats your hand away.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Raven yells something else, but you can't hear. On your radar screen you line up on a second target, noting with dismay the sudden swarm of icons. Your finger reaches for the trigger, preparing to fire... but then Pict swats your hand away.`
```

			`	"That's a friendly!" she yells in your ear. "The Navy's here, just break off and go to ground."`
			`	In reply, you level out the <ship> and head for <planet>'s surface.`
				goto landing
			
			label tips
			`	"Of course. First tip: don't rely on your eyes. If you can see it, you're too close. Second tip: without shields, your best target is a ship's cockpit window. A single hit in this kind of atmosphere will wreck the whole cockpit of even a capital ship, let alone a Firebird. Third tip: don't be afraid to fly this thing like a fighter. It can take some rough treatment, and it's not about to pull enough Gs to make any of us black out."`
			`	With that sage advice ringing in your ears, you dive in on the Firebird, the tortured metal of your ship screaming in agony. Through a gap in the clouds of sand and grit you catch a glimpse of metal and glass and line up your sights.`
			`	The result is more devastating than anything you have ever seen before. Your shot catches the Firebird square in the cockpit, instantly pulverizing the reinforced, unshielded glass. The blast continues backward through the ship before the entire thing explodes in a massive gout of deuterium fire.`

> 			`	Bringing the <ship> around again, you line up on another target, only for Pict to yell in your ear. "That's a Navy ship!" She pauses to assess the situation. "They've got it handled! Just disengage and go to ground!"`

Reviewer 2: I _think_ this might be better? Not sure though
```suggestion
			`	Bringing the <ship> around again, you line up on another target, only for Pict to yell in your ear, "That's a Navy ship!" She pauses to assess the situation. "They've got it handled! Just disengage and go to ground!"`
```

			`	Following her guidance, you level out your ship and head for <planet>'s surface.`
				goto landing
			
			label unarmed
			`	Pict chuckles. "You'll be fine. Raven had half the Navy on standby in Acamar and they'll be here any minute now. Just duck and weave and look threatening."`
			`	Raven calls out something else, but you can't hear her over the sound of the wind outside. Suddenly, you catch a glint of magenta paint flash by in the distance. Throwing the <ship> into a spiral, you frantically dodge as the Firebird pounces on you. The ship bucks from a glancing plasma hit but holds together.`
			`	Then, only a minute after the battle begins, it's over. The Firebird suddenly breaks off, only to disintegrate into a billowing cloud of deuterium flame. A Navy warship swoops down, and Pict guides you toward <planet>'s surface.`

			label landing

> 			`	Upon touchdown, you are met by a scene of organized chaos. Navy ships are landing left and right, and Raven disembarks immediately to talk to the fleet's commanding officer. Her two marines follow her out, until only Pict is left.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Upon touchdown, you are met by a scene of organized chaos. Navy ships are landing left and right, and Raven disembarks immediately to talk to the fleet's commanding officer. Her two marines follow her out, so that only Pict is left.`
```
Feels like "until" implies a large number or an uncountable.

				`	"How did you meet Raven?"`
					goto raven
				`	"Do you know how the rest of the Silver Talon is doing?"`
					goto talon
				`	"How could an Alpha stronghold like this go unnoticed for so long?"`
					goto unnoticed
				`	"Wait, the Alphas built a fortress underneath a mountain?"`
					goto mountain
			
			`	Pict laughs. "Oh, I was part of Navy Intelligence all along." She grins at the look of surprise on your face. "It was all part of Jumanne's Operation Payback. Little cells of us were sent off to aid the bounty hunters wherever possible. Dagger and I ended up getting 'recruited' by Cerridwyn, and the rest is history. But I reckon I've been part of the Navy since before you were born."`
				goto calling

			label raven
			`	Pict smiles sadly. "Poisonwood. It all comes back to Poisonwood. We dropped together, you know. Even as young as she was, Raven was good at her job. Our squad was tasked to guard her and another Questioner - a young man named Tycjan Yanovik while they gathered information behind enemy lines. Then, of course, they fouled up our flight plan and put us right over the Alphas' air defenses.`
			action

> 				log "Minor People" "Pict" "During the assault on Poisonwood, Pict was assigned to protect the Questioner Raven on an intelligence-gathering mission and was one of the few survivors of the operation."

Reviewer 2: Backticks

Author: ```suggestion
				log "Minor People" "Pict" `During the assault on Poisonwood, Pict was assigned to protect the Questioner Raven on an intelligence-gathering mission and was one of the few survivors of the operation.`
```

			`	"Before we knew what was happening, half the shuttle was gone. Ten of us started out, but only six survived the drop, and only four of us made it off Poisonwood again: me, Dagger, Black Eye Brian, and Raven. None of us would have made out out alive it weren't for Raven."`
				goto calling
			
			label talon

> 			`	"Well, Dagger's an easy one," Pict responds. "The poor fool gave himself alcohol-induced hepatitis and wound up first on medical leave and then stuck with an honorable discharge. I hear he's doing okay for himself, but his doctor told him that his next drink would be the death of him and he's been complaining about so called 'medical malpractice' ever since.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, Dagger's an easy one," Pict responds. "The poor fool gave himself alcohol-induced hepatitis and wound up first on medical leave and then stuck with an honorable discharge. I hear he's doing okay for himself, but his doctor told him that his next drink would be the death of him and he's been complaining about so-called 'medical malpractice' ever since.`
```

			`	"As for Cerridwyn -" she winces. "Cerridwyn never really recovered from Louis' death. Shortly after she got home she checked into a mental hospital with major depressive disorder and has been in and out ever since. I talked to her last year and she seemed to be doing better, but I don't think she'll ever accept that what happened on Greenrock wasn't her fault.`
			action

> 				log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" "Following the end of her time with Vlad Blaire, Cerridwyn admitted herself to a mental hospital with clinical depression. With professional help, her condition has improved, but she has remained striken by survivor's guilt."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" `Following the end of her time with Vlad Blaire, Cerridwyn admitted herself to a mental hospital with clinical depression. With professional help, her condition has improved, but she has remained stricken by survivor's guilt.`
```

				payment 100000
			`	"Well, that's okay. We'll always appreciate the help you've given us in fulfilling our father's will. Oh, and here's your payment, and a little extra for putting up with us all this time," Liam says, handing you a few credit chips for <payment>. "We wish you well through the stars!" Again, the siblings both thank you profusely for the trip, and you watch them leave Prime's spaceport with excitement.`
				decline

mission "Silver Talon 1"
	name "Bounty hunters to <planet>"
	description "Take these <bunks> bounty hunters to <destination> in exchange for <payment>, then wait until they return to take them off-planet again."
	clearance
	infiltrating
	passengers 5
	source
		attributes "near earth"
	destination "Greenrock"
	to offer
		random < 5
		"reputation: Pirate" < -500
		"combat rating" >= 80
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Walking through the spaceport, you are flagged down by a very short woman who is sitting on a box labeled "Explosive! Corrosive! Flammable! Extremely Toxic! Handle With Car!" and holding the largest bazooka you've ever seen and wearing a pin displaying a small silver eagle talon.`

Reviewer 2: Using two "and"s here seems a little awkward. What if we do this?
```suggestion
			`Walking through the spaceport, you are flagged down by a very short woman holding the largest bazooka you've ever seen, who is sitting on a box labeled "Explosive! Corrosive! Flammable! Extremely Toxic! Handle With Car!" and wearing a pin displaying a small silver eagle talon.`
```
Looking at that again, I'm not sure it's better. But feels like something should change.

Reviewer: I like this change, it definitely scans better.

			choice
				`	(See what she wants.)`
				`	(Ignore her.)`
					decline
			`	As you approach, she stands up, a maneuver that results in the bazooka slamming into the metal frame of the box. You wince as sparks fly from the weapon's barrel, narrowly missing one of the openings between the crates' slats. Simultaneously, the box lets loose with a long string of invectives.`
			`	"Sorry about him," the woman says, pointing at the box. "He's just in one of his moods, that's all. Short-fused guy unless you stuff him with garlic or sit him behind the wheel, and even then he's pretty toxic. Knows his work, though."`
			choice
				`	"There's someone in the box?"`
				`	"You wanted to talk to me about something?"`
					goto job

> 			`	"Oh, yeah, that's Klaus. Wiry fellow, just about translucent, and the best driver you've ever met. Dirtiest mouth this side of Freedom, too, but the box seems to be helping a little."`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, yeah, that's Klaus. Wiry fellow, just about translucent, and the best driver you've ever met. Dirtiest mouth this side of Freedom, too, but packing him in a box for a couple hours seems to help with that a little."`
```

> 			`	While the woman is talking, Klaus extracts himself from the crate, spraying packing peanuts all over the place and sending the bazooka clattering to the ground. He glowers at the woman before trying to put the lid back on the box, failing, and ending up inside it again. The woman completely ignores him, clearing her throat and peering up at you.`

Reviewer 2: How does he end up inside it? Is he short enough to fall in by mistake?

Author: Ah, it was intentional. Maybe I should have been more clear about that?

Author: Okay, I think it's clearer that it was intentional now.

				`	"How many people would this be?"`
					goto number
				`	"Where exactly on the Rim are you trying to get to?"`
					goto greenrock
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
					goto legal

			label killers
			`	"All right. See you around, then," the woman says, turning and picking up her bazooka. As you walk away, you just barely hear her mutter under her breath, "Hypocrite."`
				decline
			
			label number
			`	"Five of us, all told. Klaus you've met, Dagger and Pict are in town getting drunk, and Louis is out looking for decent motels."`
			choice
				`	"Where exactly on the Rim are you trying to get to?"`
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
					goto legal

			label greenrock
			`	"Well, that's the thing, isn't it? We need to get to <destination>, then we'll do our work, and then we'll need a ride out of there afterwards, which might be pretty hot. Truth is, I figured an experienced-looking captain like you with a pockmarked but well-maintained ship was just the ticket. Was I right?"`
			choice
				`	"I'm in! Sounds like an adventure."`
					goto in
				`	"What's the payment situation?"`
					goto payment
				`	"Is this 'work' of yours legal?"`
			
			label legal

> 			`	The woman laughs. "Like laws apply on pirate worlds, anyways... If you're wondering, we're not going to knock off anyone civilized, no. Just another bloodsucking leech, killing off his fleet one by one in order to earn some credits, that's all. Way we figure it, it's him or us. That's the way the Republic feels, too."`

Reviewer 2: Should If be lowercase?

Author: Probably not? It's supposed to be a new sentence, so I think capitalized makes more sense here

			choice
				`	"Sure! I'm in."`
					goto in
				`	"If you want me to fly you, I'm getting a 25% share in the profits."`
				`	"Sorry, that's not enough for me to risk my life over."`
					goto "bad payment"
			
			`	"Sorry, captain, but the 15% is non-negotiable, and it's as much as anyone else gets, too, after we take into account the 25% overhead for equipment, failure payments, death benefits, and so forth. You either take it or leave it."`
			choice
				`	"If that's the case, I guess 15% is enough."`
					goto in
				`	"Well, I'm leaving it."`
			
			label "bad payment"
			`	"Well, that's a shame," the woman replies. "I guess I'll get back to looking around, then. Goodbye."`
				decline
			
			label in
			`	"Glad to hear it!" the woman says. "Klaus and I'll get all our gear packed away. I'm sure we can find somewhere to stash it that doesn't eat up your cargo hold. Oh, and by the way, I'm Cerridwyn Morgan."`

> 			`	After about an hour, all the bounty hunters' equipment is securely stowed on board the <ship>, and all the aforementioned assassins are present and accounted for. Cerridwyn introduces you to each in turn: the wiry and foul-mouthed driver Klaus, the ex-marine Dagger, the sniper Pict, and the dapper young Louis. Cerridwyn's job, it seems, is to use the bazooka she's spent the last hour lugging around, a weapon she is apparently infamous for using."`

Reviewer 2: Seems like aforementioned might be an extraneous word here.
```suggestion
			`	After about an hour, all the bounty hunters' equipment is securely stowed on board the <ship>, and all the assassins are present and accounted for. Cerridwyn introduces you to each in turn: the wiry and foul-mouthed driver Klaus, the ex-marine Dagger, the sniper Pict, and the dapper young Louis. Cerridwyn's job, it seems, is to use the bazooka she's spent the last hour lugging around, a weapon she is apparently infamous for using."`
```

			`	Introductions complete, the bounty hunters all fall into their bunks in preparation for the journey to <planet>.`
				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog "You arrive on <planet>, setting down some distance from the main spaceport. Unfortunately, not all the bounty hunters are on your flagship, so you're going to have to take off again to see what's taking them so long to get here."

	on complete
		log "Minor People" "Cerridwyn Morgan" `Cerridwyn Morgan is the bazooka-toting leader of the Silver Talon, an eclectic group of bounty hunters.`
		conversation
			`The team of bounty hunters pass the flight to <planet> in relative silence - and with a very strong odor of garlic. As you enter the <system> system, Cerridwyn directs you to land in a secluded minor spaceport well away from the planet's major cities.`

> 			`	No sooner do you put down than Dagger cranks the <ship>'s hatch open and jumps out into the scorching heat. Klaus and Pict are close behind, followed by a pile of gear.`

Reviewer 2: Where did you get the heat from?
Maybe you could mention that the player is landing near the equator?

Author: That's a good question...

Author: Oh, wait, I must have been thinking that your ship would have made everything pretty hot on landing? That probably doesn't make sense with repulsors though

			`	Cerridwyn waits a moment longer. "As agreed, a payment of <payment> has been deposited into your account," she says. "If all goes well, we'll be back within two hours. If you don't hear back within four, get the heck out of here."`
			choice
				`	"Sounds good."`
					goto good
				`	"You don't want me to wait?"`
			`	"No, I don't. You've done right by us, and we owe you for it. If we're not back in four hours, we're probably all be dead and there'll be a price on your head too."`
			`	Cerridwyn exhales, a long, slow breath.`
			label good
			`	"Anyways, good luck, Captain <last>. Stick with your ship, make sure she's ready to lift on a moment's notice, and we'll see you in a few hours."`
			`	With that, Cerridwyn tosses her bazooka through the hatch and jumps down beside it. Louis gives you a jaunty salute and follows more cautiously. As the landing pad cools and the bounty hunters scramble toward a dilapidated ATV, you are left to mull over Cerridwyn's foreboding words.`

> 		payment 20000

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't `payment` go above `conversation`?

Author: Yes, it probably should.

			`	Soon, the ATV is back at the spaceport, roaring onto the tarmac at breakneck speeds and coming to a stop in a squeal of brakes at the end of a hundred-meter stripe of rubber. Before the truck has settled, Cerridwyn and Pict are already moving, tossing their weapons and bags over the side of the truckbed and scrambling down. Inside the truck, a sweating Klaus picks up Dagger like a sack of potatoes and hauls him out of the cab.`
			`	Cerridwyn is the first through the hatch in your ship, preceded only by her rocket launcher. Klaus and Pict haul the wounded Dagger through with the rest of their equipment, and slam the hatch shut.`
			`	"Okay, Captain," Cerridwyn says, "It's time to blow this popsicle stand."`
			choice
				`	(Lift off.)`
					goto lift
				`	"Yes, ma'am."`
				`	"What about Louis?"`
					goto louis
				`	"Did you succeed?"`
					goto failure
			`	Cerridwyn nods sharply and takes her seat.`
				goto lift
			label louis
			`	Cerridwyn merely shakes her head.`
				goto lift
			label failure
			`	Cerridwyn laughs bitterly. "Does it look like we succeeded? We blew it, and we're going to have Sam Hill to pay if you don't get us off the ground pronto."`
			label lift

> 			`	As you shunt power to your repulsors and begin to lift, you hear the sound of gunfire outside. The remaining hovercraft, back on the dirt road, charges toward your ship. Suddenly, the old truck explodes, spraying the <ship> with flaming olive oil. Bullets hit the hull all around you like a murderous rainstorm.`

Reviewer 2: Why olive oil?

Author: https://myenginespecs.com/reference-information/can-a-diesel-engine-run-on-oil-key-insights-and-facts/

But it looks like I should maybe be more vague here because I'm not sure anyone would actually willingly choose to use olive oil.

```suggestion
			`	As you shunt power to your repulsors and begin to lift, you hear the sound of gunfire outside. The remaining hovercraft, back on the dirt road, charges toward your ship. Suddenly, the old truck explodes, spraying the <ship> with flaming vegetable oil. Bullets hit the hull all around you like a murderous rainstorm.`
```

			choice
				`	(Strafe the hovercraft.)`
					goto strafe
					to display
						has "armament deterrence"
				`	(Get out of here.)`
			`	Cranking your engines, you blast off, soon escaping the range of the small arms in the hovercraft. As your heartbeat slows, you approach the Karman line and enter space.`
				goto escape
			label strafe
			`	Rather than flee, you turn your guns on the hovercraft. For a brief moment, you see the terrified face and upraised arms of a pirate, before a rain of fire sweeps the vehicle and transforms it into a lump of smoldering charcoal.`
			`	The cockpit is silent as you turn for space, save for the hum of your ship's air conditioner.`
			action

> 				set "strafed hovercraft"

Reviewer 2: This probably should be a little more specific though... maybe do use the silver talon: prefix?

Author: Maybe? Or I could do something like `strafed miyano's hovercraft`?

Author: I've gone with my idea here, since I highly doubt there will ever be other Miyanos in hovercrafts that you strafe.

			label thanks
			`	The payment made, Cerridwyn suddenly seems to collapse in front of your eyes. Picking up her bazooka, she slings it silently over her shoulder and wanders off aimlessly into the spaceport. Klaus and Pict follow close behind, carrying the rest of the bounty hunters' gear.`
			`	Dagger, a crutch under his arm, stumbles after his companions but stops when he sees you watching. "Y'know, cap'n," he mutters, obviously very drunk and speaking slowly, "This ain't over. We'll see Vlad Blaire ded yet for 'is crimes. And I tell yuh, we cud shure use yur 'elp. Whaddayuh say yuh join us a'the spacepurt bahr in an hour?"`
			`	With that, the wounded veteran turns and thumps off your ship, joining the other bounty hunters.`
		payment 35000

mission "Silver Talon 3"
	name "Escape to <planet>"
	description "With the bounty hunters in tow, flee to <destination> to escape a fleet of enraged and vengeful pirates."
	passengers 4
	blocked "You'll need four bunks free to carry the surviving members of the Silver Talon. Return here when you have the required space free."
	source "Dancer"
	destination "New Iceland"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 2: done"

	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You arrive in the bar to find Klaus, Pict, and Dagger seated around a table. Or, in Dagger's case, passed out on the table surrounded by more bottles of cheap beer than the bar has sold to any other customer all evening.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`You arrive at the bar to find Klaus, Pict, and Dagger seated around a table. Or, in Dagger's case, passed out on the table surrounded by more bottles of cheap beer than the bar has sold to any other customer all evening.`
```

> 			`	On the other side of the room, Cerridywn sits alone at the bar, nursing what looks to be a glass of mineral water.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	On the other side of the room, Cerridwyn sits alone at the bar, nursing what looks to be a glass of mineral water.`
```

				`	"Should I leave?"`
				`	(Wait.)`
					goto klaus
			
			`	"What does it matter, anyways?" He swears again.`
			label klaus
			`	"We thought we were heroes, you know that? Us and our big guns, off to rid the universe of criminal scum. But that's not how the world works, is it? And naturally the one who doesn't come back is the one who believed it most of all."`
			`	Klaus stumbles to his feet and heads for the facilities, muttering deprecations against Murphy as he goes.`
			`	As you watch him leave, Pict clears her throat from across the table. Alone among the bounty hunters, she shows no outward sign of distress, but her eyes have hardened into icy crystal.`
			`	"We loved him, we fought for him, we failed him. Eight milliseconds in the path of a laser rifle and he was gone. Just like Point Lima, and we're left to carry on in our guilt, breaking apart ever so slowly."`
			choice
				`	"Point Lima?"`
					goto pict
				`	"You seem to be holding up well."`
			
			`	Pict laughs bitterly. "A veteran like you should know better than that. No one ever holds up well inside after a fight, no matter what it looks like to everyone else."`
				goto commotion
			
			label pict

> 			`	"Poisonwood. '85. Our platoon was supposed to deploy behind enemy lines to gether intelligence for the main assault. Only problem is they got the position of a missile battery off by seventy kilometers, and we dropped right into a barrage of Meteors. Fairweather, Grange, Perkins, Yanovik... the entire front half of our shuttle was gone before we could blow the plates and bail.`

Reviewer 2: Just a note: it takes me a second or two to parse that Fairweather and the other names are people, not missile types. Might be a way to clarify that

Author: Okay, I've changed it and it should be clearer now.

			`	"Some things never change, Captain, some things never change."`
			choice
				`	"Some things do change, though."`
				`	(Stay silent.)`
					goto commotion
			
			`	"Of course. Everything you do changes something. A laser on target, a bullet, a rocket, and it's their name on the cenotaph instead of yours. A word in the right place, and maybe they don't need to build that monument at all. But we snakes forget that sometimes, don't we. It's so much easier to live with ourselves if we can ignore the consequences of our actions, the children gone with the pirate ships, the troopers dead because we messed up, the enemies we never needed to kill. But we can't ignore it, can we, or else we're just like them."`
				goto commotion

			label cerridwyn

> 			`	You slide onto a stool next to Cerridywn, but it seems like she doesn't realize you're there. For a minute, you sit awkwardly beside her as she stares off into the distance at a darkness only she can see.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You slide onto a stool next to Cerridwyn, but it seems like she doesn't realize you're there. For a minute, you sit awkwardly beside her as she stares off into the distance at a darkness only she can see.`
```

			choice
				`	"Are you okay?"`
				`	(Wait.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Order a drink.)`
					goto drink
			

> 			`	Cerridwyn just stares at you, gets up, and leaves the bar. Looking back to the table previously occupied by the other three bounty hunters you find only Dagger, drooling and unconscious.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Cerridwyn just stares at you, gets up, and leaves the bar. Looking back to the table previously occupied by the other three bounty hunters you see only Dagger, drooling and unconscious.`
```
Alternatively, since "stares" implies an action that takes a few seconds:
```suggestion
			`	Cerridwyn just glances at you, gets up, and leaves the bar. Looking back to the table previously occupied by the other three bounty hunters you see only Dagger, drooling and unconscious.`
```

Author: Hmm... maybe `glares`?

```suggestion
			`	Cerridwyn just glares at you, gets up, and leaves the bar. Looking back to the table previously occupied by the other three bounty hunters you see only Dagger, drooling and unconscious.`
```

> 			`	You wait around a bit, but neither Klaus nor Pict returns. Eventually, you find yourself heading back to your ship.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You wait around a bit, but neither Klaus or Pict returns. Eventually, you find yourself heading back to your ship.`
```

Author: I believe nor is more correct here?

Reviewer 2: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/3623/should-i-use-or-or-nor-after-a-negative-statement
https://www.reddit.com/r/grammar/comments/cek0vj/whether_to_use_nor_or_or/
Apparently it is.

				decline
			
			label drink

> 			`	The bar is mostly empty, and it doesn't take long for you to get your drink. While you're sipping it, Cerridwyn finally speaks.`

Reviewer 2: I feel like this meshes better with the first part of the sentence?
```suggestion
			`	The bar is mostly empty, so it doesn't take long for your drink to be prepared. While you're sipping it, Cerridwyn finally speaks.`
```

				goto speaks
			label wait
			`	You wait at the bar for one minute, then two, until the bartender starts giving you irritated glances. Finally, Cerridwyn speaks.`
			label speaks
			`	"I killed him, you know," she says, still staring off into the distance. "I was the one who signed off on the job. The one who let him come along with us. If I hadn't..."`
			choice
				`	"What happened to Louis isn't your fault."`
				`	"You're sure you don't want something stronger than mineral water?"`
					goto mineral
				`	"So, what are you going to do about it?"`
					goto response

			`	"Of course it is. Don't you understand that? All I had to tell him was no, no we're not crazy, no we're not going to run off on a crusade against crime. That's all I had to say, and we would have still been on Silver, me and him and the bazooka. That's all I had to do, and instead I had to take his inane schemes seriously."`
				goto commotion

			label mineral

> 			`	Cerridwyn glowers at you and takes a large gulp of mineral water.`

Reviewer 2: Is it necessary to specify that it's mineral water when the player just said what it was? I have no preference, up to you

Author: It probably isn't necessary, no. If I just called it water, do you think that would make sense?

Reviewer 2: I had been thinking just "takes a large gulp" but it's up to you. Mine probably isn't specific enough.

Author: Hmm, yeah... I'll probably go with water.

				goto commotion

			label response
			`	"What, are you saying I'm going to just sit here and grieve? No, one way or another I'm going to kill that bloody vampire. Him and all his bodyguards."`
			

			label commotion
			`	Suddenly, the door to the spaceport bar slams open, and six burly thugs shove their way into the crowd, eyes flitting around like hummingbirds. One of them points in your direction, and suddenly all six have weapons drawn and the building erupts in screams.`

> 			`	Before you know what's going on, all four surviving bounty hunters are standing beside you. Klaus holds a chemical-propellant pistol in shaking hands, while Pict has drawn a wicked-looking knife and a surprisingly sober Dagger wields what was until very recently a perfectly serviceable chair leg. Only Cerridwyn is unarmed, lacking her customary rocket launcher.`

Reviewer 2: Why are Klaus' hands shaking?

Author: I think I've always seen him as kind of twitchy and also just not really comfortable shooting people... especially because he's definitely processing the whole mess that just happened.

I could remove this bit if you think it's problematic but otherwise I think I'd prefer to leave it unexplained?

Reviewer 2: That's fine

			choice
				`	(Draw my gun.)`
					goto firefight
				`	(Look for a way out.)`
			
			`	It is not hard to find an alternate exit from the bar. The only issue is, every other patron has come to the same conclusion as you have and are now pushing their way toward a very ordinary-sized door.`

> 			`	As lasers scorch the walls around you and Klaus' weapon cracks off shot after shot, your eyes settle on the kitchen door. A door which leads to a room that, according to the galactic fire codes, should have another exit.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	As lasers scorch the walls around you and Klaus' weapon cracks off shot after shot, your eyes settle on the kitchen door. A door which leads to a room that, according to galactic fire codes, should have another exit.`
```
```suggestion
			`	As lasers scorch the walls around you and Klaus' weapon cracks off shot after shot, your eyes settle on the kitchen door. A door which leads to a room that, according to the galactic fire code, should have another exit.`
```

> 			`	Bellowing at the bounty hunters to follow, you duck into the kitchen, coming face-to-face with a large, open window and face-to-back with three fleeing cooks. You follow suit, leaping into an alleyway just ahead of Klaus and Dagger. Behind you, Pict hurls her knife through the door and slams it shut before dragging Cerridywn out of the building.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Bellowing at the bounty hunters to follow, you duck into the kitchen, coming face-to-face with a large, open window and face-to-back with three fleeing cooks. You follow suit, leaping into an alleyway just ahead of Klaus and Dagger. Behind you, Pict hurls her knife through the door and slams it shut before dragging Cerridwyn out of the building.`
```

			`	A look passes between the five of you, and you're suddenly running full speed for the <ship>. It's not until you reach orbit that your heart rate returns to normal.`
				launch
			
			label firefight
			`	Drawing your gun, you soon find that the thugs are much less impressive fighters than their bulging muscles suggest. You take three shots, and two of your assailants collapse to the floor. A round from Klaus' pistol clips the shoulder of a third, knocking him off balance as he drops his weapon.`
			`	Suddenly, Dagger lunges forward, taking out the fourth man with a quick flurry of blows. The remaining two attackers turn tail and run off into the night.`
			`	The five of you regroup outside the bar to the sound of distant sirens.`
			choice
				`	"What do we do now?"`
					goto flee
				`	"Who were those people?"`

			`	"Vlad Blaire's employees," Pict replies cooly. "And now we've got to get out of here. The police will be here in twenty minutes or so, and I for one don't want to be caught standing beside a pile of bodies with a bloody knife."`
				goto objections
			
			label flee

> 			`	"We leave," Dagger slurs. "Quickly-like befuh there's muhofem.`

Reviewer 2: Is he trying to say "mayhem" here?

Author: Yes, but it does kind of look like I fell asleep on my keyboard 😁

Author: Okay, I've switched it to something slightly more intelligible.

			label final
			`	The five of you hurry back to the <ship>, and you go through your preflight checklist as quickly as you can. Luck is on your side, and the spaceport controller clears you for departure with no questions asked. It's not until you reach orbit that your heart rate returns to normal.`
				launch

	on enter "Rastaban"
		conversation
			`As soon as you're safely out of the atmosphere, Cerridwyn catches your attention.`
			`	"Captain <last>, I'm afraid you've come too far with us to stop now. If we can make it to <destination>, we'll be able to plan a killing blow against Vlad Blaire. We've got contacts there who might be able to help, and the police there should be at least semicompetent."`
			choice
				`	"All right, I'll take you there."`
					decline
				`	"I don't see how I have any choice."`
			
			`	A wry smile flickers across Cerridwyn's face. "Me neither, captain. May God help us all."`

	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"coward"
			"entering"
			"target"
			confusion 10

> 		system "Rastaban"

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need this, since the player is in Rastaban anyway.
```suggestion
```

			`	You punch open the hatch, and Cerridwyn turns to face you. "Spaceport bar, half an hour. See you then."`

mission "Silver Talon 4"
	name "Kill Vlad Blaire"
	description "Wait for Vlad Blaire's flagship, the Crimson Horde, to enter the system. Then, disable and board it to allow the surviving bounty hunters to confirm his death."
	passengers 4
	blocked "You'll need four bunks free to carry the surviving members of the Silver Talon. Return here when you have the required space free."
	source "New Iceland"
	to offer
		has "Silver Talon 3: done"

	on offer
		conversation
			`As you walk into the spaceport bar, you are met by a small crowd of sailors. The four bounty hunters are at the center of the group, talking in a low murmur with one of the better-off spacefarers. Upon seeing you, Pict walks over to greet you.`
			`	"Cerridwyn's friends," she says, gesturing to the crowd. "Damn fools, if you ask me, but she's got them fired up. With any luck, some of them will even help us out."`

> 			`	You watch as Cerridwyn and Klaus continue to speak to the spacers. One by one, they wander off, leaving empty glasses on the table. Finally, three captains remain.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You watch as Cerridwyn and Klaus continue to speak to the spacers. One by one, they wander off, leaving empty glasses on the table. Finally, only three captains remain.`
```

			`	"Captain <last>, I'd like you to meet captains John Smith, Norma Down, and Yven Stieber. Captains, <first> <last>."`

> 			`	A round of handshakes ensues.`

Reviewer 2: It could be cool to have extra flavor text if you've finished the war as a prominent hero, but probably not necessary if you don't want to add any.

			`	There's a murmur of assent, and you file out of the bar, as ready as you're going to be for what comes next.`
				accept
	
	npc board
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"entering"
			"staying"
			"target"
			"marked"
			confusion 5
		ship "Leviathan" "Baron's Cave"
		conversation
			`The hull of the <ship> rings like a gong as you come in to dock slightly too quickly. Or perhaps not too quickly, since Cerridwyn, Pict, and Dagger are already in the airlock waiting for the doors to slide open.`
			`	Suddenly, the airlock opens with a hiss and the three bounty hunters are off, gutting the inside of Blaire's ship. Cerridwyn fires shot after shot from her bazooka, until you can almost see straight through to the cockpit of the Crimson Horde from where you're standing.`

> 			`	A couple pirates show their heads, but Klaus quickly sends them ducking for cover once more with a couple shots from his pistol.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	A couple pirates show their heads, but Klaus, who is standing guard at the door, quickly sends them ducking for cover once more with a couple shots from his pistol.`
```

			`	Then, as quickly as it began, it's over. All four bounty hunters return to their seats, grim-faced but satisfied. Now, you only have to get back to <planet> in one piece.`
				launch

	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"entering"
			"coward"
			confusion 10
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 2

	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"entering"
			"coward"
			confusion 20
		fleet "Small Southern Pirates" 2

	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality
			"hunting"
			"vindictive"
			"opportunistic"
			"entering"
			"coward"
			confusion 10
		fleet "Large Southern Pirates"

	npc
		government "Merchant"
		personality
			"heroic"
			"vindictive"
			"frugal"
			"launching"
			confusion 30
		ship "Corvette" "Steam Hammer"
		ship "Fury" "Luck's Eyebrows"
		ship "Sparrow" "Iceheart"

	on complete
		log "Parted ways with the Silver Talon following the death of Vlad Blaire. None of the survivors have really recovered from recent events, but some are taking it much better than others."

> 		event "Pict Trigger" 1500

Reviewer 2: I'd almost say do the same here - silver talon: pict trigger, but this event is probably unique.

Author: Yeah, I think I probably don't need it.

			`	Dagger, drunk out of his mind, passed out on a table.`
			`	Klaus, hand on his pistol holster as if afraid the weapon will dissolve the moment he lets it be.`
			`	Pict, silent and steely-eyed but hurting within.`
			`	And Cerridwyn, proud Cerridwyn, gleaming rocket launcher at her feet and silver talon pinned to her chest, her facade of poise crumbling as you turn to leave.`

event "Pict Trigger"

mission "Pict's Legacy 1"
	name "Chase Pict's Killer"
	description "The man who killed Pict has fled Hermes and is heading to <destination>. Get Raven there no later than <date> to have a hope of catching him."
	source "Hermes"
	destination "Ada"
	passengers 3
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "event: Pict Trigger"
		has "main plot completed"
		has "strafed hovercraft"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You're sitting at the spaceport bar watching some hovercraft racing, when all of a sudden you receive a voice message.`
			`	"Captain <last>, I can't tell you how glad I am that you're here on Hermes. I need you to meet me at 45 Impala Street, as fast as you can. Please, captain, my life depends on it."`

> 			`	The voice is unfamiliar at first, but it doesn't take long to remember it: it is the voice of Pict, the enigmatic soldier who helped Cerridwyn Morgan hunt down and kill Vlad Blaire.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The voice is unfamiliar at first, but it doesn't take long to recognize: it is the voice of Pict, the enigmatic soldier who helped Cerridwyn Morgan hunt down and kill Vlad Blaire.`
```

			choice
				`	(Head to 45 Impala Street.)`
					goto trap
				`	(Ignore the message.)`

			`	With no good reason to believe the message is genuine or urgent, you ignore it and go back to watching the race. About ten minutes pass before you hear sirens, and in only another five the news makes its way to your eyes: Compassion "Pict" Macdonald, SgtMaj, Republic Navy, found dead. Murdered, at 45 Impala Street.`
				decline

			label trap
			`	It doesn't take long to find 45 Impala Street, certainly no longer than fifteen minutes. The building is a slab of concrete built in the timeless style: modern four decades ago, hopelessly ugly today. The door stands ajar, and you reach for your gun as you cross the threshold into the house. The lights inside are off, and it is pitch black.`
			choice
				`	"Is anyone home?"`
				`	(Turn on the lights.)`
					goto lights
				`	(Continue with the lights off.)`
					goto unlit

			`	The only reply you receive is the distant hum of a generator, punctuated by your own heartbeat.`
			choice
				`	(Turn on the lights.)`
				`	(Continue with the lights off.)`
					goto unlit

			label lights

> 			`	You flick the lights on, and stare. In front of you is what was clearly once a living room, now torn to shambles. In the corner, clearly dead, is Pict's corpse, her mouth open in a snarl and no fewer than thirteen flechette holes in her chest. Suddenly, you can't move, and when the police arrive three minutes later they find you standing there, hand on the light switch, staring.`

Reviewer 2: Why can't you move?

Author: Shock, but you're right that that needs to be made way clearer... is the new wording better?

Reviewer 2: Maybe "shock" instead of "the shock", but yeah, that's better

				goto miyano
			
			label ambush
			`	Raven turns toward you, frowning. "That shouldn't be possible -" she freezes.`
			`	There is a very distinctive click: the click of a magnet sliding precisely two point eight centimeters through a carbon-fibre chamber before coming to rest up against a steel plate. There are not many things that cause such a click. In fact, there are only two: someone dropping a magnet through a carbon-fibre chamber from a height of two point eight centimeters, and someone releasing the safety on a Type 8 laser pistol.`

			label miyano
			`	"Don't move, or the captain buys it," growls a rough voice from behind you. The three Navy personnel freeze as a hand grabs you by the shoulder and spins you around to face the gun barrel and the man behind it. His face is masked by shadow and his eyes are as hard as steel, but there is something vaguely familiar about him.`
			`	"I am Miyano Tonogi," he says, staring intensely into your face, "and my father was Miyano Hiromi, a poor hovercraft pilot. You killed my father. Prepare to die."`

> 			`	As his finger moves toward the trigger, he fails to notice three more clicks caused by three more two point eight centimeter magnets. The marines' lasers catch him in the face, blinding him instantly and throwing his aim off. Rather than hitting you square between the eyes the shot grazes your shoulder before the guns clatters out of the man's fingers. Blind and dying, he weeps.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	As his finger moves toward the trigger, he fails to notice three more clicks caused by three more two point eight centimeter magnets. The marines' lasers catch him in the face, blinding him instantly and throwing his aim off. Rather than hitting you square between the eyes the shot grazes your shoulder before the gun clatters out of the man's fingers. Blind and dying, he weeps.`
```

			choice
				`	"Where are you headed?"`
				`	"I wish I could help, but I've got places I need to go."`
					goto unavailable

			`	It's Raven, rather than Pict, who answers. "We're looking for a ride to <destination>. I'm afraid we'll only able to pay <payment> for this leg of the journey, but it's important work: a small group of Alphas was sighted there not too long ago and we think they might have been involved in a murder case.`
			`	"If everything goes well, we should be able to get you approved for better remuneration for later jobs."`

			choice
				`	"That sounds like a worthy cause. I'll take you there."`
				`	"Sorry, but I can't afford to take on a job for so little."`
					goto unavailable
			
			`	You lead the four soldiers over to your ship where they hop in with nothing more than the rucksacks on their backs and start preparing for the trip to <planet>.`
				accept

			label freeze
			`	Like the cynical psychopath you are, you ignore the freezing troops and return to the nice warm comfort of your ship.`
				decline

			label unavailable

> 			`	Pict frowns, and it's Raven who responds. "Understandable. At least in the military we get paid per diem instead of per barrel of shrink-wrapped mackarel we transport."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Pict frowns, and it's Raven who responds. "Understandable. At least in the military we get paid per diem instead of per barrel of shrink-wrapped mackerel we transport."`
```

			`	"That's right," she replies.`
			`	"When I was young, I remember one of Blaire's men... he came to our tenement and gave all us kids a lecture about never paying for anything with a bank card; he said the government could track everywhere you went with it. Is that right?"`
			`	"Well, not quite," Raven responds, somewhat chagrined. "If we have a bank card we can connect it to any pilot's license or other documents you have in your name. But that only works if the vendor keeps a record of the transaction."`
			`	Mr. Miyano's eyes glow. "Then we've found them! I have a record of the card they used right here!"`
			choice
				`	"Wait, you sold them supplies?"`
				`	"Sorry, does anyone else think it's weird that the Republic can just track you whenever you buy anything?"`
					goto surveillance

			`	"Why, of course!" he exclaims. "That's how I saw them."`
			`	"May I see your records?" Raven asks.`

			label surveillance
			branch surveillance_fw

> 				has "event: joined the free worlds"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				not "event: joined the free worlds"
```

Author: I should probably rename these labels too...

			`	She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath before opening them again. "Maybe you do. And anyhow, me getting all existential on you isn't helping anyone. I'm sure you've got lots of questions about all this."`

			label questions
			choice
				`	"How did you go from being a bounty hunter to part of Navy Intelligence?"`
				`	"How did you meet Raven?"`
					goto raven
				`	"Do you know how the rest of the Silver Talon is doing?"`
					goto talon
				`	"How could an Alpha stronghold like this go unnoticed for so long?"`
					goto unnoticed
				`	"Wait, the Alphas built a fortress underneath a mountain?"`
					goto mountain
			
			`	Pict laughs. "Oh, I was part of Navy Intelligence all along." She grins at the look of surprise on your face. "It was all part of Jumanne's Operation Payback. Little cells of us were sent off to aid the bounty hunters wherever possible. Dagger and I ended up getting 'recruited' by Cerridwyn, and the rest is history. But I reckon I've been part of the Navy since before you were born."`
				goto calling

			label raven

> 			`	Pict smiles sadly. "Poisonwood. It all comes back to Poisonwood. We dropped together, you know. Even as young as she was, Raven was good at her job. Our squad was tasked to guard her and another Questioner - a young man named Tycjan Yanovik while they gathered information behind enemy lines. Then, of course, they fouled up our flight plan and put us right over the Alphas' air defenses.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Pict smiles sadly. "Poisonwood. It all comes back to Poisonwood. We dropped together, you know. Even as young as she was, Raven was good at her job. Our squad was tasked to guard her and another Questioner - a young man named Tycjan Yanovik - while they gathered information behind enemy lines. Then, of course, they fouled up our flight plan and put us right over the Alphas' air defenses.`
```

			action
				log "Minor People" "Pict" `During the assault on Poisonwood, Pict was assigned to protect the Questioner Raven on an intelligence-gathering mission and was one of the few survivors of the operation.`

> 			`	"Before we knew what was happening, half the shuttle was gone. Ten of us started out, but only six survived the drop, and only four of us made it off Poisonwood again: me, Dagger, Black Eye Brian, and Raven. None of us would have made out out alive it weren't for Raven."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Before we knew what was happening, half the shuttle was gone. Ten of us started out, but only six survived the drop, and only four of us made it off Poisonwood again: me, Dagger, Black Eye Brian, and Raven. None of us would have made it out alive without Raven."`
```
```suggestion
			`	"Before we knew what was happening, half the shuttle was gone. Ten of us started out, but only six survived the drop, and only four of us made it off Poisonwood again: me, Dagger, Black Eye Brian, and Raven. None of us would have made it out alive if it weren't for Raven."`
```
